Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9275989,
  "complaint_id": "9275989",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My name is XXXX XXXX, I am a XXXX Bank of America XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  who has several accounts opened all in good standing with your company. Im a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX who thought ( up until this point ) I was growing a relationship with Bank of America. I was very shocked to open my account and discover my business credit card had been reduced by {$20000.00} dollars. Not only was my credit limit reduced, but the remaining available credit was left at {$230.00}. This created a huge negative appearance for me in the business world of obtaining new clients. I received a letter in the mail stating my account was reviewed and reduced do to : XXXX. Number of inquiries on your credit file XXXX. XXXX or more revolving accounts opened within the last 2 years First, I would like to say, I have no derogatory credit entries on my credit profile. No collections, no public records, and the total number of inquiries ( XXXX ) on my profile are less than what was on there at the time I opened these credit cards ( which was XXXX at that time ). I have no missed payments, and several other credits with Bank of America. As for the revolving account, I again have less this year, than when I applied for the credit card. \nIn absence of the obvious, I now look to the only other reason for this reduction. At this time, I believe Bank of America is in the practice of targeting small minor owned businesses using what amounts to a bait and switch tactic. I had XXXX separate cards that I combined ( at the recommendation of Bank of America ) to obtain the {$30.00}, XXXX credit line. Ive done my part by reasonably using my cards, and paying them, I believe it is wrong for Bank of America to target XXXX owned minor businesses, with no XXXX reason for the credit reduction. I am submitting this official complaint and request that my credit line be restored back to the {$30.00} limit. After 18 years, I feel betrayed and abandoned by Bank of America. I am a small business thats just trying to operate to feed my family, Bank of America should understand, we are real people, not just numbers in a system. \n\nRespectfully, XXXX XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't increase or decrease your credit limit",
  "text": "My name is XXXX XXXX, I am a XXXX Bank of America XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  who has several accounts opened all in good standing with your company. Im a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX who thought ( up until this point ) I was growing a relationship with Bank of America. I was very shocked to open my account and discover my business credit card had been reduced by {$20000.00} dollars. Not only was my credit limit reduced, but the remaining available credit was left at {$230.00}. This created a huge negative appearance for me in the business world of obtaining new clients. I received a letter in the mail stating my account was reviewed and reduced do to : XXXX. Number of inquiries on your credit file XXXX. XXXX or more revolving accounts opened within the last 2 years First, I would like to say, I have no derogatory credit entries on my credit profile. No collections, no public records, and the total number of inquiries ( XXXX ) on my profile are less than what was on there at the time I opened these credit cards ( which was XXXX at that time ). I have no missed payments, and several other credits with Bank of America. As for the revolving account, I again have less this year, than when I applied for the credit card. \nIn absence of the obvious, I now look to the only other reason for this reduction. At this time, I believe Bank of America is in the practice of targeting small minor owned businesses using what amounts to a bait and switch tactic. I had XXXX separate cards that I combined ( at the recommendation of Bank of America ) to obtain the {$30.00}, XXXX credit line. Ive done my part by reasonably using my cards, and paying them, I believe it is wrong for Bank of America to target XXXX owned minor businesses, with no XXXX reason for the credit reduction. I am submitting this official complaint and request that my credit line be restored back to the {$30.00} limit. After 18 years, I feel betrayed and abandoned by Bank of America. I am a small business thats just trying to operate to feed my family, Bank of America should understand, we are real people, not just numbers in a system. \n\nRespectfully, XXXX XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
my name is xxxx xxxx, i am a xxxx bank of america xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx who has several accounts opened all in good standing with your company. im a xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx who thought ( up until this point ) i was growing a relationship with bank of america. i was very shocked to open my account and discover my business credit card had been reduced by { $ 20000. 00 } dollars. not only was my credit limit reduced, but the remaining available credit was left at { $ 230. 00 }. this created a huge negative appearance for me in the business world of obtaining new clients. i received a letter in the mail stating my account was reviewed and reduced do to : xxxx. number of inquiries on your credit file xxxx. xxxx or more revolving accounts opened within the last 2 years first, i would like to say, i have no derogatory credit entries on my credit profile. no collections, no public records, and the total number of inquiries ( xxxx ) on my profile are less than what was on there at the time i opened these credit cards ( which was xxxx at that time ). i have no missed payments, and several other credits with bank of america. as for the revolving account, i again have less this year, than when i applied for the credit card. in absence of the obvious, i now look to the only other reason for this reduction. at this time, i believe bank of america is in the practice of targeting small minor owned businesses using what amounts to a bait and switch tactic. i had xxxx separate cards that i combined ( at the recommendation of bank of america ) to obtain the { $ 30. 00 }, xxxx credit line. ive done my part by reasonably using my cards, and paying them, i believe it is wrong for bank of america to target xxxx owned minor businesses, with no xxxx reason for the credit reduction. i am submitting this official complaint and request that my credit line be restored back to the { $ 30. 00 } limit. after 18 years, i feel betrayed and abandoned by bank of america. i am a small business thats just trying to operate to feed my family, bank of america should understand, we are real people, not just numbers in a system. respectfully, xxxx xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9989091157913208
}
