Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9063215,
  "complaint_id": "9063215",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I contacted XXXX XXXX XXXX and spoke with Agent ID : XXXX and advised of my situation. I stated I was in the hospital and had severe medical issues. I advised I was reported 30 days past due on my credit report and due to my medical issues wanted to request an update on my credit report as a goodwill. At no time in the call did the agent state Self Credit did not do goodwill credit reports. In fact I was told an escalation request was made for the update due to my medical circumstances and would hear back in two business days. I was further advised I needed to write an letter to your escalations department requesting my goodwill request. In which I have did. If in fact that Self Credit didn't do goodwill credit report update or even process request I was never advised that on the initial call. In fact I called today XX/XX/XXXX where a second agent told me they saw my request pending and to allow 3-5 business for response. I even received an email after the call advising you do not accept Goodwill requests.This whole experience has been false and misleading. If you don't even accept Goodwill, why did your agent advise me differently. I am requesting for the calls to be pulled and listened to as to what I was advised.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "23223",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Self Financial Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "VA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Difficulty submitting a dispute or getting information about a dispute over the phone",
  "text": "I contacted XXXX XXXX XXXX and spoke with Agent ID : XXXX and advised of my situation. I stated I was in the hospital and had severe medical issues. I advised I was reported 30 days past due on my credit report and due to my medical issues wanted to request an update on my credit report as a goodwill. At no time in the call did the agent state Self Credit did not do goodwill credit reports. In fact I was told an escalation request was made for the update due to my medical circumstances and would hear back in two business days. I was further advised I needed to write an letter to your escalations department requesting my goodwill request. In which I have did. If in fact that Self Credit didn't do goodwill credit report update or even process request I was never advised that on the initial call. In fact I called today XX/XX/XXXX where a second agent told me they saw my request pending and to allow 3-5 business for response. I even received an email after the call advising you do not accept Goodwill requests.This whole experience has been false and misleading. If you don't even accept Goodwill, why did your agent advise me differently. I am requesting for the calls to be pulled and listened to as to what I was advised."
}

Chunk:
i contacted xxxx xxxx xxxx and spoke with agent id : xxxx and advised of my situation. i stated i was in the hospital and had severe medical issues. i advised i was reported 30 days past due on my credit report and due to my medical issues wanted to request an update on my credit report as a goodwill. at no time in the call did the agent state self credit did not do goodwill credit reports. in fact i was told an escalation request was made for the update due to my medical circumstances and would hear back in two business days. i was further advised i needed to write an letter to your escalations department requesting my goodwill request. in which i have did. if in fact that self credit didn't do goodwill credit report update or even process request i was never advised that on the initial call. in fact i called today xx / xx / xxxx where a second agent told me they saw my request pending and to allow 3 - 5 business for response. i even received an email after the call advising you do not accept goodwill requests. this whole experience has been false and misleading. if you don't even accept goodwill, why did your agent advise me differently. i am requesting for the calls to be pulled and listened to as to what i was advised.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9983541965484619
}
