Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9705018,
  "complaint_id": "9705018",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am opening a follow-up case number to cast XXXX opened XXXX XXXXXXXX, XX/XX/XXXX. I did not include the files which would show the exact Issue for confidentiality reasons. However, in order to open a consumer financial Report with your agency, I needed to provide the credit card number, my address, and Contact information ; this is another reason why I consider this a privacy violation Because there had been no purchase on the credit card which warranted it. My credit Card is at XXXX balance not showing any activity. \n\nThe credit card issued to me in XXXX, XXXX when opening my Wells Fargo Accounts was in XXXX XXXX XXXX. At first I was granted a credit Limit of {$10000.00} based on my credit. I chose at that time to lower the credit Limit. I chose to do this. \n\nIn hindsight, it probably would have been more beneficial if I had kept the Initial credit limit of {$10000.00} because this could very well impact ones credit Score based on percentage of credit utilized. I always pay my balance on time. \nThere are many months when my credit balance is XXXX. For example, recently ; it Is sitting at XXXX balance. \n\nWhen making a larger purchase, I confirm I have the amount available and pay Immediately, within one or two days because I know there is a bank sweep that Occurs on outstanding balances and credit utilized. The only reason why I opt To use a credit card versus a debit card is for convenience ; safety factor ; and To demonstrate the card is still active. \n\nThe Wells Fargo credit card is my only credit card ; along with a debit card. \n\nThe last major purchase was done in XXXX or XXXX of XXXX for a XXXX XXXX XXXX. \nI used the credit card at that time for both the XXXX XXXX computer purchase with XXXX XXXX. In fact, after the trade in I examined at home the XXXX XXXX XXXX I had purchased on the XXXX XXXX XXXX which showed it had been purchased at The time of purchase with the computer using this Wells Fargo credit card. \n\nThe credit card was paid in full within one day of purchase to possibly avoid A credit sweep which because of my lower credit limit would affect my XXXX score. \nI did not use a debit. \n\nLast week, I traded in this XXXX XXXX XXXX for a more powerful XXXX XXXX. \nIn discussing, the trade in with the XXXX XXXX representative, we compared The XXXX XXXX XXXX with the XXXX XXXX XXXX with the XXXX XXXX XXXX. I had Been experiencing some throttling memory issues with the XXXX XXXX XXXX Based on the work I perform and it is a documented fact at XXXX, the XXXX XXXX XXXX had disk issues ; therefore, XXXX released the XXXX XXXX XXXX within 6 months to Correct this issue and utilizes XXXXXXXX XXXX  on the XXXX XXXX XXXX. \n\nNo problem. That is my justification for using the Wells Fargo debit card approximately XXXX week Ago and trading in the XXXX XXXX XXXX for an XXXX XXXX XXXX ( which is what I should have done all along ). Its more expensive but because of my computer usage Is the correct choice, based upon how I use my computer. \n\nThat purchase was done with a debit card. The XXXX purchase was done with the Wells Fargo credit card in XXXX of XXXX paid in full within one to two days So as to not have an outstanding balance that would carry over. \n\nThe credit card was at XXXXXXXX XXXX when the alert/notification dropped in. \n\nSomething triggered this alert/notification. What was it? Was there someone in XXXX XXXX which is located in XXXXXXXX XXXX viewing my XXXX XXXX prior Purchases using a Wells Fargo credit card? Versus this most recent purchase Using my Wells Fargo debit card. I contend someone in XXXX XXXX customer Service at the processing center in XXXX may be accessing my Wells Fargo Customer account information. \n\nXXXX is headquartered in XXXXXXXX XXXX \n\nMaybe, actually, it was a warning/alert because someone tried to access Information regarding my Wells Fargo credit card? Maybe it is a security Violation at XXXX who has headquarters out of the XXXX XXXX? \n\nXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX is coming straight out of XXXX XXXX. I am A XXXX voting possibly for the XXXX XXXX XXXX \n\nWhy did former XXXX XXXX XXXX make a comment at his XXXX XXXX yesterday concerning computers, and their life span of two years? He Said it right on the stage at the XXXXXXXX XXXX rally? \n\nWho has orchestrated this, involved Wells Fargo bank and XXXX and Now the consumer financial bureau. Please read the heading when opening My complaint with the consumer financial bureau? It asks my race and gender. \nI am XXXX  ; yes, I am XXXX and a female. I checked white on the consumer Financial profile and this only further supports what I have been saying all Along. I have been victimized as a United States citizen on United States soil. \nThis only supports what I have been saying all along. \n\nHere is the files I am uploading to you which do not reveal confidential information. \nI am not uploading the Wells Fargo online service agreement; I am not uploading The XXXX service agreement ( I have saved these on my computer ). \n\nI am uploading the alert/notification generated by XXXX when I had not used My credit card at all. Its sitting at XXXX XXXX ; therefore, a purchase using my Credit card was never made. What kind of security clearances do these individuals At XXXX have? Are they actually viewing the financial portfolio of individuals At Wells Fargo bank and if this Paze is a consortium of banks, is a XXXX XXXX XXXX Employee looking at my financial portfolio of Wells Fargo Bank. \n\nWhy is XXXX saying, resident of the United States? Does this mean the employees At XXXX can be individuals over here using a corrupt work visa verification, leave And go back to their country of origin? Does this mean that one can work at XXXX, access customer information, with no security clearances. \n\nNotice my XXXX state drivers license. It has a star meaning I was born in the United States of America. I had to provide legal documentation including my birth certificate, legal name XXXX to the department of motor vehicle licensing to obtain a one star on my XXXX State drivers license. I had to show I was a United States citizen and this drivers license Contains my photo. \n\nWho is working at XXXX in XXXXXXXX XXXX? I believe this is.a legitimate concern That Wells Fargo bank should address ; especially since Wells Fargo bank is involved With some other legal lawsuits on their anti money laundering program. Personally, I am all for any anti money laundering program. Also, I do not gamble ; I do not use My credit card for gambling which would be a violation of my card agreement. \n\nThe service agreement of XXXX indicates that I must be a resident of the United States of America. I am a United States citizen with a one star on my XXXX state drivers license ; Not a software engineer granted a temporary Visa to work here and may be Employed at XXXX. \n\nI am uploading two files that show the last four digits of my credit card. I had to Use the full number of my credit card to log this Consumer Financial complaint. \nThe consumer financial bureau has my email address and phone number which Happens to be incorrect ( It is the phone number I had when living in Democratic Controlled Washington state for approximately 8 years ; prior to moving to the state Of XXXX which has been predominantly a Republican state in all prior presidential Elections. \n\nIn fact, that is one of the reasons I moved to the state of Idaho ; I can visibly see the Difference in the quality of my life as a result of living in a XXXX controlled state Versus Washington state, Democratic controlled, and does not require the reporting Of state income taxes if one does not own a home. Idaho state requires its citizens To file an Idaho state income tax. \n\nColorado hosted the Democratic convention in XXXX that elected XXXX XXXX XXXX That weekend, when working for XXXX and living in XXXX XXXX XXXX ; I traveled for XXXX to XXXX, Minnesota. That week of the convention I was in XXXXXXXX XXXX  working for XXXX. \n\nYou see, I voted for XXXX XXXX for XXXX of the United States of America ; Not President XXXXXXXX XXXX \n\nAnd why did former president XXXX XXXX yesterday at his rally in XXXX, XXXX XXXX a comment about computers possibly only have a life span of two years? \nI was watching his campaign rally using my XXXX XXXX and viewing the rally on The XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. I watched the rally. It was over two hours ; very Inspirational and moving because it showcased the values of the United States of America and policies the Republican ticket values. \n\nI am uploading : the email with XXXX alert/notification I received showing a disclaimer by Wells Fargo bank XXXX I used this When opting out with my email address and phone number. \n\n2. A printout of the message that dropped into my Wells Fargo messaging center to Opt out. \n\n3. The XXXX XXXX XXXX Confirmation pdf. \n\n\nI am not uploading : The Wells Fargo online service agreement ( I do not use mobile app ). \nThe XXXX service agreement ( I opted out but have retained a copy if needed ) The Wells Fargo XXXX statement which would shows my XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. \nXXXX Wells Fargo Visa credit card statement is missing from Account statements. \nIt appears to be the only missing statement for XXXX of my credit cards. But the Online credit card statement sdo show that the Wells Fargo credit card is coming Out of XXXX XXXX, XXXX. The XXXX working for Wells Fargo Credit card processing out of XXXX XXXX must be feeling the heat right now. \nI think I am on to something her. \n\nI will be logging a separate Consumer Financial Credit card complaint for the XXXX XX/XX/XXXX statement available to customers online. \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThe alert/notification from Wells Fargo bank to its customers, possibly generated By XXXX located in XXXX XXXX is a violation of my privacy ; it has placed The integrity of Wells Fargo bank at stake and showcases that anonymous individuals At high tech companies such as XXXX can set their own employment requirements ; Possibly using Homeland Security visa verification and the individual may not even Be a United States citizen but here on a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX implemented By Homeland Security XXXX These same individuals with these security clearances could Be accessing other individual citizens Wells Fargo banking information or the banking Information of the banking consortium which has funded XXXX. \n\nI did not create this problem. Wells Fargo bank. Your name is on this. You marketed XXXX and I did not enroll in XXXX. \n\nHope this gets resolved because now the Consumer Financial protection agency is Involved and logging the complaint required my name, email address, phone number, Address and credit card number. Monday I will be contacting the consumer financial Protection bureau to correct the phone number associated with my email address. \nThe current mailing address and resident address has been changed when logging This consumer financial complaint on Saturday morning. \n\nAlso, the XXXX who handled my legal name change in XXXX out of XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX must be feeling the heat right now. I believe there might possibly Be a XXXX operating as part of the secret service security detail of former XXXX XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX \n\nJust refer to my legal name change that occurred in XXXX to identify the culprits Who now must be feeling the heat, big time. Sure hope they are. And it does appear These individuals are involved in some criminal banking activities impacting Wells Fargo Bank, XXXX XXXX XXXX and other major banks in the United States of America. They Now are impacting and besmirching the reputation of both XXXX and XXXX. \n\nI will be logging a separate consumer complaint for the missing online XX/XX/XXXX credit card statement when all other XXXX credit card statements Are available online.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-08-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "83854",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-08-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "ID",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Privacy issues",
  "text": "I am opening a follow-up case number to cast XXXX opened XXXX XXXXXXXX, XX/XX/XXXX. I did not include the files which would show the exact Issue for confidentiality reasons. However, in order to open a consumer financial Report with your agency, I needed to provide the credit card number, my address, and Contact information ; this is another reason why I consider this a privacy violation Because there had been no purchase on the credit card which warranted it. My credit Card is at XXXX balance not showing any activity. \n\nThe credit card issued to me in XXXX, XXXX when opening my Wells Fargo Accounts was in XXXX XXXX XXXX. At first I was granted a credit Limit of {$10000.00} based on my credit. I chose at that time to lower the credit Limit. I chose to do this. \n\nIn hindsight, it probably would have been more beneficial if I had kept the Initial credit limit of {$10000.00} because this could very well impact ones credit Score based on percentage of credit utilized. I always pay my balance on time. \nThere are many months when my credit balance is XXXX. For example, recently ; it Is sitting at XXXX balance. \n\nWhen making a larger purchase, I confirm I have the amount available and pay Immediately, within one or two days because I know there is a bank sweep that Occurs on outstanding balances and credit utilized. The only reason why I opt To use a credit card versus a debit card is for convenience ; safety factor ; and To demonstrate the card is still active. \n\nThe Wells Fargo credit card is my only credit card ; along with a debit card. \n\nThe last major purchase was done in XXXX or XXXX of XXXX for a XXXX XXXX XXXX. \nI used the credit card at that time for both the XXXX XXXX computer purchase with XXXX XXXX. In fact, after the trade in I examined at home the XXXX XXXX XXXX I had purchased on the XXXX XXXX XXXX which showed it had been purchased at The time of purchase with the computer using this Wells Fargo credit card. \n\nThe credit card was paid in full within one day of purchase to possibly avoid A credit sweep which because of my lower credit limit would affect my XXXX score. \nI did not use a debit. \n\nLast week, I traded in this XXXX XXXX XXXX for a more powerful XXXX XXXX. \nIn discussing, the trade in with the XXXX XXXX representative, we compared The XXXX XXXX XXXX with the XXXX XXXX XXXX with the XXXX XXXX XXXX. I had Been experiencing some throttling memory issues with the XXXX XXXX XXXX Based on the work I perform and it is a documented fact at XXXX, the XXXX XXXX XXXX had disk issues ; therefore, XXXX released the XXXX XXXX XXXX within 6 months to Correct this issue and utilizes XXXXXXXX XXXX  on the XXXX XXXX XXXX. \n\nNo problem. That is my justification for using the Wells Fargo debit card approximately XXXX week Ago and trading in the XXXX XXXX XXXX for an XXXX XXXX XXXX ( which is what I should have done all along ). Its more expensive but because of my computer usage Is the correct choice, based upon how I use my computer. \n\nThat purchase was done with a debit card. The XXXX purchase was done with the Wells Fargo credit card in XXXX of XXXX paid in full within one to two days So as to not have an outstanding balance that would carry over. \n\nThe credit card was at XXXXXXXX XXXX when the alert/notification dropped in. \n\nSomething triggered this alert/notification. What was it? Was there someone in XXXX XXXX which is located in XXXXXXXX XXXX viewing my XXXX XXXX prior Purchases using a Wells Fargo credit card? Versus this most recent purchase Using my Wells Fargo debit card. I contend someone in XXXX XXXX customer Service at the processing center in XXXX may be accessing my Wells Fargo Customer account information. \n\nXXXX is headquartered in XXXXXXXX XXXX \n\nMaybe, actually, it was a warning/alert because someone tried to access Information regarding my Wells Fargo credit card? Maybe it is a security Violation at XXXX who has headquarters out of the XXXX XXXX? \n\nXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX is coming straight out of XXXX XXXX. I am A XXXX voting possibly for the XXXX XXXX XXXX \n\nWhy did former XXXX XXXX XXXX make a comment at his XXXX XXXX yesterday concerning computers, and their life span of two years? He Said it right on the stage at the XXXXXXXX XXXX rally? \n\nWho has orchestrated this, involved Wells Fargo bank and XXXX and Now the consumer financial bureau. Please read the heading when opening My complaint with the consumer financial bureau? It asks my race and gender. \nI am XXXX  ; yes, I am XXXX and a female. I checked white on the consumer Financial profile and this only further supports what I have been saying all Along. I have been victimized as a United States citizen on United States soil. \nThis only supports what I have been saying all along. \n\nHere is the files I am uploading to you which do not reveal confidential information. \nI am not uploading the Wells Fargo online service agreement; I am not uploading The XXXX service agreement ( I have saved these on my computer ). \n\nI am uploading the alert/notification generated by XXXX when I had not used My credit card at all. Its sitting at XXXX XXXX ; therefore, a purchase using my Credit card was never made. What kind of security clearances do these individuals At XXXX have? Are they actually viewing the financial portfolio of individuals At Wells Fargo bank and if this Paze is a consortium of banks, is a XXXX XXXX XXXX Employee looking at my financial portfolio of Wells Fargo Bank. \n\nWhy is XXXX saying, resident of the United States? Does this mean the employees At XXXX can be individuals over here using a corrupt work visa verification, leave And go back to their country of origin? Does this mean that one can work at XXXX, access customer information, with no security clearances. \n\nNotice my XXXX state drivers license. It has a star meaning I was born in the United States of America. I had to provide legal documentation including my birth certificate, legal name XXXX to the department of motor vehicle licensing to obtain a one star on my XXXX State drivers license. I had to show I was a United States citizen and this drivers license Contains my photo. \n\nWho is working at XXXX in XXXXXXXX XXXX? I believe this is.a legitimate concern That Wells Fargo bank should address ; especially since Wells Fargo bank is involved With some other legal lawsuits on their anti money laundering program. Personally, I am all for any anti money laundering program. Also, I do not gamble ; I do not use My credit card for gambling which would be a violation of my card agreement. \n\nThe service agreement of XXXX indicates that I must be a resident of the United States of America. I am a United States citizen with a one star on my XXXX state drivers license ; Not a software engineer granted a temporary Visa to work here and may be Employed at XXXX. \n\nI am uploading two files that show the last four digits of my credit card. I had to Use the full number of my credit card to log this Consumer Financial complaint. \nThe consumer financial bureau has my email address and phone number which Happens to be incorrect ( It is the phone number I had when living in Democratic Controlled Washington state for approximately 8 years ; prior to moving to the state Of XXXX which has been predominantly a Republican state in all prior presidential Elections. \n\nIn fact, that is one of the reasons I moved to the state of Idaho ; I can visibly see the Difference in the quality of my life as a result of living in a XXXX controlled state Versus Washington state, Democratic controlled, and does not require the reporting Of state income taxes if one does not own a home. Idaho state requires its citizens To file an Idaho state income tax. \n\nColorado hosted the Democratic convention in XXXX that elected XXXX XXXX XXXX That weekend, when working for XXXX and living in XXXX XXXX XXXX ; I traveled for XXXX to XXXX, Minnesota. That week of the convention I was in XXXXXXXX XXXX  working for XXXX. \n\nYou see, I voted for XXXX XXXX for XXXX of the United States of America ; Not President XXXXXXXX XXXX \n\nAnd why did former president XXXX XXXX yesterday at his rally in XXXX, XXXX XXXX a comment about computers possibly only have a life span of two years? \nI was watching his campaign rally using my XXXX XXXX and viewing the rally on The XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. I watched the rally. It was over two hours ; very Inspirational and moving because it showcased the values of the United States of America and policies the Republican ticket values. \n\nI am uploading : the email with XXXX alert/notification I received showing a disclaimer by Wells Fargo bank XXXX I used this When opting out with my email address and phone number. \n\n2. A printout of the message that dropped into my Wells Fargo messaging center to Opt out. \n\n3. The XXXX XXXX XXXX Confirmation pdf. \n\n\nI am not uploading : The Wells Fargo online service agreement ( I do not use mobile app ). \nThe XXXX service agreement ( I opted out but have retained a copy if needed ) The Wells Fargo XXXX statement which would shows my XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. \nXXXX Wells Fargo Visa credit card statement is missing from Account statements. \nIt appears to be the only missing statement for XXXX of my credit cards. But the Online credit card statement sdo show that the Wells Fargo credit card is coming Out of XXXX XXXX, XXXX. The XXXX working for Wells Fargo Credit card processing out of XXXX XXXX must be feeling the heat right now. \nI think I am on to something her. \n\nI will be logging a separate Consumer Financial Credit card complaint for the XXXX XX/XX/XXXX statement available to customers online. \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThe alert/notification from Wells Fargo bank to its customers, possibly generated By XXXX located in XXXX XXXX is a violation of my privacy ; it has placed The integrity of Wells Fargo bank at stake and showcases that anonymous individuals At high tech companies such as XXXX can set their own employment requirements ; Possibly using Homeland Security visa verification and the individual may not even Be a United States citizen but here on a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX implemented By Homeland Security XXXX These same individuals with these security clearances could Be accessing other individual citizens Wells Fargo banking information or the banking Information of the banking consortium which has funded XXXX. \n\nI did not create this problem. Wells Fargo bank. Your name is on this. You marketed XXXX and I did not enroll in XXXX. \n\nHope this gets resolved because now the Consumer Financial protection agency is Involved and logging the complaint required my name, email address, phone number, Address and credit card number. Monday I will be contacting the consumer financial Protection bureau to correct the phone number associated with my email address. \nThe current mailing address and resident address has been changed when logging This consumer financial complaint on Saturday morning. \n\nAlso, the XXXX who handled my legal name change in XXXX out of XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX must be feeling the heat right now. I believe there might possibly Be a XXXX operating as part of the secret service security detail of former XXXX XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX \n\nJust refer to my legal name change that occurred in XXXX to identify the culprits Who now must be feeling the heat, big time. Sure hope they are. And it does appear These individuals are involved in some criminal banking activities impacting Wells Fargo Bank, XXXX XXXX XXXX and other major banks in the United States of America. They Now are impacting and besmirching the reputation of both XXXX and XXXX. \n\nI will be logging a separate consumer complaint for the missing online XX/XX/XXXX credit card statement when all other XXXX credit card statements Are available online."
}

Chunk:
fargo credit card is coming out of xxxx xxxx, xxxx. the xxxx working for wells fargo credit card processing out of xxxx xxxx must be feeling the heat right now. i think i am on to something her. i will be logging a separate consumer financial credit card complaint for the xxxx xx / xx / xxxx statement available to customers online. the alert / notification from wells fargo bank to its customers, possibly generated by xxxx located in xxxx xxxx is a violation of my privacy ; it has placed the integrity of wells fargo bank at stake and showcases that anonymous individuals at high tech companies such as xxxx can set their own employment requirements ; possibly using homeland security visa verification and the individual may not even be a united states citizen but here on a xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx implemented by homeland security xxxx these same individuals with these security clearances could be accessing other individual citizens wells fargo banking information or the banking information of the banking consortium which has funded xxxx. i did not create this problem. wells fargo bank. your name is on this. you marketed xxxx and i did not enroll in xxxx. hope this gets resolved because now the consumer financial protection agency is involved and logging the complaint required my name, email address, phone number, address and credit card number. monday i will be contacting the consumer financial protection bureau to correct the phone number associated with my email address. the current mailing address and resident address has been changed when logging this consumer financial complaint on saturday morning. also, the xxxx who handled my legal name change in xxxx out of xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx must be feeling the heat right now. i believe there might possibly be a xxxx operating as part of the secret service security detail of former xxxx xxxx xxxx and xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx just refer to my legal name change that occurred in xxxx to identify the culprits who now must be feeling the heat, big time. sure hope they are. and it does appear these individuals are involved in some criminal banking activities impacting wells fargo bank, xxxx xxxx xxxx and other major banks in the united states of america. they now are impacting and besmirching the reputation of both xxxx and xxxx. i will be logging a separate consumer complaint for the missing online xx / xx / xxxx credit card statement when all other xxxx credit card statements are available online.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9949151277542114
}
