Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9218846,
  "complaint_id": "9218846",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to file a formal complaint regarding Chase Bank 's handling of a recent dispute. My family and I fell victim to an online Ponzi scheme called XXXX XXXX XXXX, resulting in losses exceeding {$20000.00}. XXXX XXXX XXXX deleted our accounts without proper communication or justification. The company has been widely exposed as a fraud by numerous individuals online, citing server issues designed to cost traders money and arbitrary denial of payouts. \n\nWhen we reported this scam to a Chase representative, our claim was rudely dismissed without any request for supporting evidence. The representative 's rationale was that we had used the service, despite our explanation that XXXX XXXX XXXX is an unregistered and unregulated online firm that never delivered the services as advertised. This company is a scam, and we were misled into believing we were engaging in real futures trading, while in reality, it was a fee-based Ponzi scheme. \n\nI am seeking Chase Bank 's assistance in resolving this matter and recovering our lost funds. We urge you to reconsider our case and take appropriate action against this fraudulent entity.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "444XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I am writing to file a formal complaint regarding Chase Bank 's handling of a recent dispute. My family and I fell victim to an online Ponzi scheme called XXXX XXXX XXXX, resulting in losses exceeding {$20000.00}. XXXX XXXX XXXX deleted our accounts without proper communication or justification. The company has been widely exposed as a fraud by numerous individuals online, citing server issues designed to cost traders money and arbitrary denial of payouts. \n\nWhen we reported this scam to a Chase representative, our claim was rudely dismissed without any request for supporting evidence. The representative 's rationale was that we had used the service, despite our explanation that XXXX XXXX XXXX is an unregistered and unregulated online firm that never delivered the services as advertised. This company is a scam, and we were misled into believing we were engaging in real futures trading, while in reality, it was a fee-based Ponzi scheme. \n\nI am seeking Chase Bank 's assistance in resolving this matter and recovering our lost funds. We urge you to reconsider our case and take appropriate action against this fraudulent entity."
}

Chunk:
i am writing to file a formal complaint regarding chase bank's handling of a recent dispute. my family and i fell victim to an online ponzi scheme called xxxx xxxx xxxx, resulting in losses exceeding { $ 20000. 00 }. xxxx xxxx xxxx deleted our accounts without proper communication or justification. the company has been widely exposed as a fraud by numerous individuals online, citing server issues designed to cost traders money and arbitrary denial of payouts. when we reported this scam to a chase representative, our claim was rudely dismissed without any request for supporting evidence. the representative's rationale was that we had used the service, despite our explanation that xxxx xxxx xxxx is an unregistered and unregulated online firm that never delivered the services as advertised. this company is a scam, and we were misled into believing we were engaging in real futures trading, while in reality, it was a fee - based ponzi scheme. i am seeking chase bank's assistance in resolving this matter and recovering our lost funds. we urge you to reconsider our case and take appropriate action against this fraudulent entity.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993281364440918
}
