Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9042536,
  "complaint_id": "9042536",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have been a loyal XXXX XXXX XXXX member, provided by Synchrony Bank, for a long time. My payments are set up automatically to have {$220.00} paid every month. In XXXX I received a reminder text by the company to pay my bill, which I immediately thought this was suspicious because I have never received this text before. The automatic payment wasn't cancelled and I know I checked my account and it said the payment was received and good. So I regarded the text messages as spam/scammer trying to get my information, I ignored it and didn't think anything of it. I knew money was tight and was checking my accounts more proactively. Then in XXXX, I find a late fee. Now I'm upset because I was under the impression everything was good, auto payment still in effect and I know I logged into the account and verified the payment went through and the account read {$0.00} due at this time. So request the late payment be removed through the online chat and the program responds no. I'm now more confused because this is the first late payment in years, I have auto payment set up, even if its my fault every financial institution I've dealt with would waive at least XXXX late fee. I decide to pay off the statement balance in XXXX except for the late fee. Through the online chat I request to close my account and its reminds me I'll loose any points I have. I didn't think I had any points so I say no at first. Then log into the account see no points. So they lied or where deceitful to keep my account open so they could keep charging my account. I canceled the account shortly after paying off the balance with the exception of the late fee. \nThen I start getting paper statements that I owe like {$200.00} dollars or something close to that. I log into my online account because that's the only way to get ahold of them. Go on the online chat and cancel the account again. It says the account is already closed. So I call to inquire why I'm being charged. She informed me that, due of the unpaid balance it acts and inquires fees the same as an open account. Closing the account doesn't stop late fees or interest building up. I explain the situation and she also is surprised why the late fee wouldn't have been waived. That would have prevented this whole mess and I would still have an open account. The customer service reprehensive seemed to be on my side and could remove some of the fees but not all and I would still be over {$100.00}. That's ridiculous to be charged a fee after reporting the account was paid and they couldn't waive a late fee that was clearly there fault. Had I know I would have made a payment to prevent a late fee. I don't control the account reporting website or texting service. Why would you send a text message and at the same time report online the account is paid in full. It was done on purpose to get a fee that they haven't gotten from me in a very long time. Now my credit is being affected very badly due to there poor website. Very deceitful. The customer rep. was even at a lost for words.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "177XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I have been a loyal XXXX XXXX XXXX member, provided by Synchrony Bank, for a long time. My payments are set up automatically to have {$220.00} paid every month. In XXXX I received a reminder text by the company to pay my bill, which I immediately thought this was suspicious because I have never received this text before. The automatic payment wasn't cancelled and I know I checked my account and it said the payment was received and good. So I regarded the text messages as spam/scammer trying to get my information, I ignored it and didn't think anything of it. I knew money was tight and was checking my accounts more proactively. Then in XXXX, I find a late fee. Now I'm upset because I was under the impression everything was good, auto payment still in effect and I know I logged into the account and verified the payment went through and the account read {$0.00} due at this time. So request the late payment be removed through the online chat and the program responds no. I'm now more confused because this is the first late payment in years, I have auto payment set up, even if its my fault every financial institution I've dealt with would waive at least XXXX late fee. I decide to pay off the statement balance in XXXX except for the late fee. Through the online chat I request to close my account and its reminds me I'll loose any points I have. I didn't think I had any points so I say no at first. Then log into the account see no points. So they lied or where deceitful to keep my account open so they could keep charging my account. I canceled the account shortly after paying off the balance with the exception of the late fee. \nThen I start getting paper statements that I owe like {$200.00} dollars or something close to that. I log into my online account because that's the only way to get ahold of them. Go on the online chat and cancel the account again. It says the account is already closed. So I call to inquire why I'm being charged. She informed me that, due of the unpaid balance it acts and inquires fees the same as an open account. Closing the account doesn't stop late fees or interest building up. I explain the situation and she also is surprised why the late fee wouldn't have been waived. That would have prevented this whole mess and I would still have an open account. The customer service reprehensive seemed to be on my side and could remove some of the fees but not all and I would still be over {$100.00}. That's ridiculous to be charged a fee after reporting the account was paid and they couldn't waive a late fee that was clearly there fault. Had I know I would have made a payment to prevent a late fee. I don't control the account reporting website or texting service. Why would you send a text message and at the same time report online the account is paid in full. It was done on purpose to get a fee that they haven't gotten from me in a very long time. Now my credit is being affected very badly due to there poor website. Very deceitful. The customer rep. was even at a lost for words."
}

Chunk:
i have been a loyal xxxx xxxx xxxx member, provided by synchrony bank, for a long time. my payments are set up automatically to have { $ 220. 00 } paid every month. in xxxx i received a reminder text by the company to pay my bill, which i immediately thought this was suspicious because i have never received this text before. the automatic payment wasn't cancelled and i know i checked my account and it said the payment was received and good. so i regarded the text messages as spam / scammer trying to get my information, i ignored it and didn't think anything of it. i knew money was tight and was checking my accounts more proactively. then in xxxx, i find a late fee. now i'm upset because i was under the impression everything was good, auto payment still in effect and i know i logged into the account and verified the payment went through and the account read { $ 0. 00 } due at this time. so request the late payment be removed through the online chat and the program responds no. i'm now more confused because this is the first late payment in years, i have auto payment set up, even if its my fault every financial institution i've dealt with would waive at least xxxx late fee. i decide to pay off the statement balance in xxxx except for the late fee. through the online chat i request to close my account and its reminds me i'll loose any points i have. i didn't think i had any points so i say no at first. then log into the account see no points. so they lied or where deceitful to keep my account open so they could keep charging my account. i canceled the account shortly after paying off the balance with the exception of the late fee. then i start getting paper statements that i owe like { $ 200. 00 } dollars or something close to that. i log into my online account because that's the only way to get ahold of them. go on the online chat and cancel the account again. it says the account is already closed. so i call to inquire why i'm being charged. she informed me that, due of the unpaid balance it acts and inquires fees the same as an open account. closing the account doesn't stop late fees or interest building up. i explain the situation and she also is surprised why the late fee wouldn't have been waived. that would have prevented this

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9989473223686218
}
