Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9115167,
  "complaint_id": "9115167",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My XXXX XXXX office notified me I had overpaid, and was due a refund of {$130.00}. I had used my Care Credit card to pay the dentist. I had then eventually repaid Care Credit ( Synchrony ) for the entire amount. I notified Care Credit of the overpayment and asked for a refund. They told me they could not simply replace the money online, the way in which I had made all my payments to them, unless I uploaded images of my drivers license and other items. I explained that I was XXXX XXXX XXXX and not good with technology, also that my phone was an old hand-me-down, further, that I lived in the woods where signal was inconsistent, and I could not do as they required. I asked them to mail me a check. They said they would. This conversation took place in XXXX. When I received nothing, I contacted them again by chat. They told me the post office had returned this check and the would send another, that it was authorized XX/XX/XXXX. I still have received nothing. Today I spoke with XXXX at XXXX XXXX XXXX, ext. XXXX, who told me a second check had not yet been mailed. ( I have lived at this same address XXXX  years and cant imagine why the post office would a returned the first check. )",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "371XX",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "In progress",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "My XXXX XXXX office notified me I had overpaid, and was due a refund of {$130.00}. I had used my Care Credit card to pay the dentist. I had then eventually repaid Care Credit ( Synchrony ) for the entire amount. I notified Care Credit of the overpayment and asked for a refund. They told me they could not simply replace the money online, the way in which I had made all my payments to them, unless I uploaded images of my drivers license and other items. I explained that I was XXXX XXXX XXXX and not good with technology, also that my phone was an old hand-me-down, further, that I lived in the woods where signal was inconsistent, and I could not do as they required. I asked them to mail me a check. They said they would. This conversation took place in XXXX. When I received nothing, I contacted them again by chat. They told me the post office had returned this check and the would send another, that it was authorized XX/XX/XXXX. I still have received nothing. Today I spoke with XXXX at XXXX XXXX XXXX, ext. XXXX, who told me a second check had not yet been mailed. ( I have lived at this same address XXXX  years and cant imagine why the post office would a returned the first check. )"
}

Chunk:
my xxxx xxxx office notified me i had overpaid, and was due a refund of { $ 130. 00 }. i had used my care credit card to pay the dentist. i had then eventually repaid care credit ( synchrony ) for the entire amount. i notified care credit of the overpayment and asked for a refund. they told me they could not simply replace the money online, the way in which i had made all my payments to them, unless i uploaded images of my drivers license and other items. i explained that i was xxxx xxxx xxxx and not good with technology, also that my phone was an old hand - me - down, further, that i lived in the woods where signal was inconsistent, and i could not do as they required. i asked them to mail me a check. they said they would. this conversation took place in xxxx. when i received nothing, i contacted them again by chat. they told me the post office had returned this check and the would send another, that it was authorized xx / xx / xxxx. i still have received nothing. today i spoke with xxxx at xxxx xxxx xxxx, ext. xxxx, who told me a second check had not yet been mailed. ( i have lived at this same address xxxx years and cant imagine why the post office would a returned the first check. )

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994982481002808
}
