Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9007162,
  "complaint_id": "9007162",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Synchrony/TJX Platinum Mastercard closed my account without my approval citing too many accounts with high balances and a Collection Account which was Utility based with {$100.00} Equipment Fee which is currently being disputed and was fraudulently opened under my name constituting identity theft. If they do not comply with my request to reopen my account, I will report them to the SEC and FTC for not complying with the regulations that are set forth by the US Government and its corporate fiduciaries. They are currently writing off my credit card debt on a monthly basis and not providing me with anything in return as they have been using my wet signature credit card application as collateral and have been selling it on the primary and secondary markets. They also used my Social Security number without the proper Government paperwork being completed and authorized by me which constitutes Identity Fraud.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "78745",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "Synchrony/TJX Platinum Mastercard closed my account without my approval citing too many accounts with high balances and a Collection Account which was Utility based with {$100.00} Equipment Fee which is currently being disputed and was fraudulently opened under my name constituting identity theft. If they do not comply with my request to reopen my account, I will report them to the SEC and FTC for not complying with the regulations that are set forth by the US Government and its corporate fiduciaries. They are currently writing off my credit card debt on a monthly basis and not providing me with anything in return as they have been using my wet signature credit card application as collateral and have been selling it on the primary and secondary markets. They also used my Social Security number without the proper Government paperwork being completed and authorized by me which constitutes Identity Fraud."
}

Chunk:
synchrony / tjx platinum mastercard closed my account without my approval citing too many accounts with high balances and a collection account which was utility based with { $ 100. 00 } equipment fee which is currently being disputed and was fraudulently opened under my name constituting identity theft. if they do not comply with my request to reopen my account, i will report them to the sec and ftc for not complying with the regulations that are set forth by the us government and its corporate fiduciaries. they are currently writing off my credit card debt on a monthly basis and not providing me with anything in return as they have been using my wet signature credit card application as collateral and have been selling it on the primary and secondary markets. they also used my social security number without the proper government paperwork being completed and authorized by me which constitutes identity fraud.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995765089988708
}
