Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9496999,
  "complaint_id": "9496999",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have a credit card through Best Buy Citi Bank that had fraud charges on the card. I was contacted by the Fraud Department and told to place a special name number etc. on my account so the fraud people accessing my account could no longer access the account. So I did that. And again the people in the same state are being allowed to access my account. Best Buy Citi Bank Customer Service did not protect me from fraud and again allowed fraudulent people to access my account. The specialized word or password which should have never been bypassed was bypassed. The fraud people changed my address, phone numbers and email. The Citi Bank Customer Service are not honoring my privacy and continually allow the fraud people to use my account without my permission.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NM",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "I have a credit card through Best Buy Citi Bank that had fraud charges on the card. I was contacted by the Fraud Department and told to place a special name number etc. on my account so the fraud people accessing my account could no longer access the account. So I did that. And again the people in the same state are being allowed to access my account. Best Buy Citi Bank Customer Service did not protect me from fraud and again allowed fraudulent people to access my account. The specialized word or password which should have never been bypassed was bypassed. The fraud people changed my address, phone numbers and email. The Citi Bank Customer Service are not honoring my privacy and continually allow the fraud people to use my account without my permission."
}

Chunk:
i have a credit card through best buy citi bank that had fraud charges on the card. i was contacted by the fraud department and told to place a special name number etc. on my account so the fraud people accessing my account could no longer access the account. so i did that. and again the people in the same state are being allowed to access my account. best buy citi bank customer service did not protect me from fraud and again allowed fraudulent people to access my account. the specialized word or password which should have never been bypassed was bypassed. the fraud people changed my address, phone numbers and email. the citi bank customer service are not honoring my privacy and continually allow the fraud people to use my account without my permission.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9989749193191528
}
