Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9065917,
  "complaint_id": "9065917",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I requested lower monthly payments on one of my credit cards due to financial hardship. I have been a customer with Chase for over twenty five years with a mortgage I have with them. I also have a business checking account.\n\nToday in requesting lower monthly payments after being transferred to six different customer agents I received no help. The last customer support agent, XXXX was rude and hung up on me. \nChase in the past has always treated me egregiously disrespectful. When people were applying for forbearance due to the Cares Act that was precipitated by the pandemic, Chase didnt want to give me my forbearance until I spent an enormous amount of time insisting on it.\n\nChase denied me a loan modification as I am an XXXX  person. \nI have a fixed rate mortgage but Chase raised my monthly payments claiming I have an escrow account and the New York tax bureau sent them a letter claiming my taxes were overdue. Chase never produced the letter but still hasnt reduced my monthly payment to what my fixed rate mortgage payment should be as stated on my note. And when I took the mortgage out I did not consent to an escrow account.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Struggling to pay your bill",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "119XX",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't work with you while you're going through financial hardship",
  "text": "I requested lower monthly payments on one of my credit cards due to financial hardship. I have been a customer with Chase for over twenty five years with a mortgage I have with them. I also have a business checking account.\n\nToday in requesting lower monthly payments after being transferred to six different customer agents I received no help. The last customer support agent, XXXX was rude and hung up on me. \nChase in the past has always treated me egregiously disrespectful. When people were applying for forbearance due to the Cares Act that was precipitated by the pandemic, Chase didnt want to give me my forbearance until I spent an enormous amount of time insisting on it.\n\nChase denied me a loan modification as I am an XXXX  person. \nI have a fixed rate mortgage but Chase raised my monthly payments claiming I have an escrow account and the New York tax bureau sent them a letter claiming my taxes were overdue. Chase never produced the letter but still hasnt reduced my monthly payment to what my fixed rate mortgage payment should be as stated on my note. And when I took the mortgage out I did not consent to an escrow account."
}

Chunk:
i requested lower monthly payments on one of my credit cards due to financial hardship. i have been a customer with chase for over twenty five years with a mortgage i have with them. i also have a business checking account. today in requesting lower monthly payments after being transferred to six different customer agents i received no help. the last customer support agent, xxxx was rude and hung up on me. chase in the past has always treated me egregiously disrespectful. when people were applying for forbearance due to the cares act that was precipitated by the pandemic, chase didnt want to give me my forbearance until i spent an enormous amount of time insisting on it. chase denied me a loan modification as i am an xxxx person. i have a fixed rate mortgage but chase raised my monthly payments claiming i have an escrow account and the new york tax bureau sent them a letter claiming my taxes were overdue. chase never produced the letter but still hasnt reduced my monthly payment to what my fixed rate mortgage payment should be as stated on my note. and when i took the mortgage out i did not consent to an escrow account.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9986816048622131
}
