Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9367662,
  "complaint_id": "9367662",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Bank America closed a Credit Card saying that I had applied for some sort of debt relief or government benefits and because of that they closed an account on which I had not ever missed a payment and could easily payoff. I ask for the source of information and they just said it came from my social security number- i have checked all three credit reports and there is no adverse information or information regarding this and my XXXX score are good to high. There are no public reports indicating such action.They also refused to provide the benefits I had earned on that card through accumulation of points. They provided no help just gave me the run around sending me to different phone numbers.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "75050",
  "tags": "Older American, Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "Bank America closed a Credit Card saying that I had applied for some sort of debt relief or government benefits and because of that they closed an account on which I had not ever missed a payment and could easily payoff. I ask for the source of information and they just said it came from my social security number- i have checked all three credit reports and there is no adverse information or information regarding this and my XXXX score are good to high. There are no public reports indicating such action.They also refused to provide the benefits I had earned on that card through accumulation of points. They provided no help just gave me the run around sending me to different phone numbers."
}

Chunk:
bank america closed a credit card saying that i had applied for some sort of debt relief or government benefits and because of that they closed an account on which i had not ever missed a payment and could easily payoff. i ask for the source of information and they just said it came from my social security number - i have checked all three credit reports and there is no adverse information or information regarding this and my xxxx score are good to high. there are no public reports indicating such action. they also refused to provide the benefits i had earned on that card through accumulation of points. they provided no help just gave me the run around sending me to different phone numbers.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9963690042495728
}
