Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9253227,
  "complaint_id": "9253227",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "We vacationed in XXXX in XX/XX/2024. We made several purchases on our XXXX XXXX credit card issued by Barclays Bank. When we received our credit card bill we noted several fraudulent charges. We disputed those charges and Barclays credited our account for all of them. Later, we received notice from Barclays that they had received proof of the transaction from the unnamed vendor and that they were reinstating the charge. We requested a copy of the vendors letter. It was completely in XXXX and did not identify the vendor. They claimed that a copy of the signed receipt was attached but there was no signature just a letter P that was not it in my handwriting. I explained the discrepancy to Barclays and they said they would reopen the dispute. Today we received a letter from Barclays claiming they recharged our account and suggested that we pursue reimbursement from the merchant. Unfortunately, we have no idea who the merchant is and Barclays has not provided any useful information about them.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "85374",
  "tags": "Older American, Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "In progress",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AZ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "We vacationed in XXXX in XX/XX/2024. We made several purchases on our XXXX XXXX credit card issued by Barclays Bank. When we received our credit card bill we noted several fraudulent charges. We disputed those charges and Barclays credited our account for all of them. Later, we received notice from Barclays that they had received proof of the transaction from the unnamed vendor and that they were reinstating the charge. We requested a copy of the vendors letter. It was completely in XXXX and did not identify the vendor. They claimed that a copy of the signed receipt was attached but there was no signature just a letter P that was not it in my handwriting. I explained the discrepancy to Barclays and they said they would reopen the dispute. Today we received a letter from Barclays claiming they recharged our account and suggested that we pursue reimbursement from the merchant. Unfortunately, we have no idea who the merchant is and Barclays has not provided any useful information about them."
}

Chunk:
we vacationed in xxxx in xx / xx / 2024. we made several purchases on our xxxx xxxx credit card issued by barclays bank. when we received our credit card bill we noted several fraudulent charges. we disputed those charges and barclays credited our account for all of them. later, we received notice from barclays that they had received proof of the transaction from the unnamed vendor and that they were reinstating the charge. we requested a copy of the vendors letter. it was completely in xxxx and did not identify the vendor. they claimed that a copy of the signed receipt was attached but there was no signature just a letter p that was not it in my handwriting. i explained the discrepancy to barclays and they said they would reopen the dispute. today we received a letter from barclays claiming they recharged our account and suggested that we pursue reimbursement from the merchant. unfortunately, we have no idea who the merchant is and barclays has not provided any useful information about them.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993010759353638
}
