Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9022346,
  "complaint_id": "9022346",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "This all began when I placed an order on XX/XX/XXXX for a couch ( Order # XXXX ) with the online retailer XXXX XXXXXXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX  ). At the time of the purchase and in the days following, I was under incredible stress resulting from an ongoing divorce, and I changed my mind and asked to return that order ( XXXX ) for store credit so that I could place a new order for a different color couch. I then placed a new order ( Order # XXXX ) on XX/XX/XXXX with updated options and paid an additional sum. \n\nWith the couch still firmly in the possession of the shipping company, I realized my ex would not be taking my couch as I had initially been concerned would happen, which caused me to seek out a new couch to begin with. I also realized it was probably not within my means to spend over $ XXXX on a couch, and that I had been making purchases during outbursts of mania resulting from the divorce. I never communicated with the shipper regarding any type of delivery or signed any delivery notice. I contacted the company and requested that the shipper return the couch to their warehouse and process a refund. I never saw, took possession of, or was even in the same zip code as the couchthe product in question in this dispute. Again, this item was never delivered to me. I do not have it now, nor have I ever had possession of this item. However, my credit card company ( Goldman Sachs Apple Card ) has denied every one of the multiple disputes that I have submitted since XXXX. \n\nIn the dispute before the most recently denied dispute, it was explained to me by the Goldman Sachs chat agent on the other end of the discussion, when asked why my previous dispute was decided not in my favor, that the dispute had never been properly entered in as not received in terms of the merchandise in question. However, previous chat agents had told me that the merchant was refusing to work with the card company, which led to the denial. I would like to stress again that this product was never received. It was never delivered to me. I have never had possession of it. I have never seen it. I have never been in the same zip code as it. Yet, I have been repeatedly asked to produce 'evidence ' that the merchant did not deliver the product to me, which is not my understanding of how that burden of proof operates, even if it were possible to produce evidence that something did not happen. I even submitted an email thread directly with the merchant from XXXX when the worker with XXXX XXXX confirmed that the shipment had been received back to their warehouses and not delivered to me. Somehow this was not enough to satisfy the dispute in my favor. \n\nI did not realize this charge was fully made on my XXXX account, and due to going back and forth with the card company thinking they would have the backs of their customers and not attempt to charge them for products and services not rendered, I have missed the window to enter a dispute with XXXX for them to resolve the issue. The seller is not working with me because I opened a dispute with the card company to begin with. \n\nHowever, the most recent dispute I submitted came with the card company saying they were not providing a temporary credit while the matter is being 'investigated ' and they expect me to make payments on this product that was never delivered to me. I keep getting different information from different levels of employee at Goldman Sachs, with more than one assuring me multiple times I just needed to wait longer for the credit to appear, causing me to lose even more days before the first payment for this never received product comes due on my card. When requesting calls back from managers, they provide general phone numbers that do not lead back to managers, who seem to have different information and abilities in terms of submitting and tracking disputes. The last two \" managers '' I spoke with could ( or would ) not tell me why my last dispute was denied, nor did they provide any avenue for me to obtain this information. \n\nAs this was from a purchase made in XXXX, none of the tracking numbers are valid any longer and they do not pull up as valid in the shippers ' tracking websites. I have included screenshots of my order pages, as well as my 'store credit ' page on the website as of the day of submitting this complaint, showing that the company has not refunded me anything to my store credit for the second order that was placed XX/XX/XXXX. I have also included the email thread where the XXXX XXXX employee XXXX confirms that they received the product back to their warehouse and did not deliver to me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "972XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA",
  "date_received": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OR",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "This all began when I placed an order on XX/XX/XXXX for a couch ( Order # XXXX ) with the online retailer XXXX XXXXXXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX  ). At the time of the purchase and in the days following, I was under incredible stress resulting from an ongoing divorce, and I changed my mind and asked to return that order ( XXXX ) for store credit so that I could place a new order for a different color couch. I then placed a new order ( Order # XXXX ) on XX/XX/XXXX with updated options and paid an additional sum. \n\nWith the couch still firmly in the possession of the shipping company, I realized my ex would not be taking my couch as I had initially been concerned would happen, which caused me to seek out a new couch to begin with. I also realized it was probably not within my means to spend over $ XXXX on a couch, and that I had been making purchases during outbursts of mania resulting from the divorce. I never communicated with the shipper regarding any type of delivery or signed any delivery notice. I contacted the company and requested that the shipper return the couch to their warehouse and process a refund. I never saw, took possession of, or was even in the same zip code as the couchthe product in question in this dispute. Again, this item was never delivered to me. I do not have it now, nor have I ever had possession of this item. However, my credit card company ( Goldman Sachs Apple Card ) has denied every one of the multiple disputes that I have submitted since XXXX. \n\nIn the dispute before the most recently denied dispute, it was explained to me by the Goldman Sachs chat agent on the other end of the discussion, when asked why my previous dispute was decided not in my favor, that the dispute had never been properly entered in as not received in terms of the merchandise in question. However, previous chat agents had told me that the merchant was refusing to work with the card company, which led to the denial. I would like to stress again that this product was never received. It was never delivered to me. I have never had possession of it. I have never seen it. I have never been in the same zip code as it. Yet, I have been repeatedly asked to produce 'evidence ' that the merchant did not deliver the product to me, which is not my understanding of how that burden of proof operates, even if it were possible to produce evidence that something did not happen. I even submitted an email thread directly with the merchant from XXXX when the worker with XXXX XXXX confirmed that the shipment had been received back to their warehouses and not delivered to me. Somehow this was not enough to satisfy the dispute in my favor. \n\nI did not realize this charge was fully made on my XXXX account, and due to going back and forth with the card company thinking they would have the backs of their customers and not attempt to charge them for products and services not rendered, I have missed the window to enter a dispute with XXXX for them to resolve the issue. The seller is not working with me because I opened a dispute with the card company to begin with. \n\nHowever, the most recent dispute I submitted came with the card company saying they were not providing a temporary credit while the matter is being 'investigated ' and they expect me to make payments on this product that was never delivered to me. I keep getting different information from different levels of employee at Goldman Sachs, with more than one assuring me multiple times I just needed to wait longer for the credit to appear, causing me to lose even more days before the first payment for this never received product comes due on my card. When requesting calls back from managers, they provide general phone numbers that do not lead back to managers, who seem to have different information and abilities in terms of submitting and tracking disputes. The last two \" managers '' I spoke with could ( or would ) not tell me why my last dispute was denied, nor did they provide any avenue for me to obtain this information. \n\nAs this was from a purchase made in XXXX, none of the tracking numbers are valid any longer and they do not pull up as valid in the shippers ' tracking websites. I have included screenshots of my order pages, as well as my 'store credit ' page on the website as of the day of submitting this complaint, showing that the company has not refunded me anything to my store credit for the second order that was placed XX/XX/XXXX. I have also included the email thread where the XXXX XXXX employee XXXX confirms that they received the product back to their warehouse and did not deliver to me."
}

Chunk:
not happen. i even submitted an email thread directly with the merchant from xxxx when the worker with xxxx xxxx confirmed that the shipment had been received back to their warehouses and not delivered to me. somehow this was not enough to satisfy the dispute in my favor. i did not realize this charge was fully made on my xxxx account, and due to going back and forth with the card company thinking they would have the backs of their customers and not attempt to charge them for products and services not rendered, i have missed the window to enter a dispute with xxxx for them to resolve the issue. the seller is not working with me because i opened a dispute with the card company to begin with. however, the most recent dispute i submitted came with the card company saying they were not providing a temporary credit while the matter is being'investigated'and they expect me to make payments on this product that was never delivered to me. i keep getting different information from different levels of employee at goldman sachs, with more than one assuring me multiple times i just needed to wait longer for the credit to appear, causing me to lose even more days before the first payment for this never received product comes due on my card. when requesting calls back from managers, they provide general phone numbers that do not lead back to managers, who seem to have different information and abilities in terms of submitting and tracking disputes. the last two " managers'' i spoke with could ( or would ) not tell me why my last dispute was denied, nor did they provide any avenue for me to obtain this information. as this was from a purchase made in xxxx, none of the tracking numbers are valid any longer and they do not pull up as valid in the shippers'tracking websites. i have included screenshots of my order pages, as well as my'store credit'page on the website as of the day of submitting this complaint, showing that the company has not refunded me anything to my store credit for the second order that was placed xx / xx / xxxx. i have also included the email thread where the xxxx xxxx employee xxxx confirms that they received the product back to their warehouse and did not deliver to me.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996844530105591
}
