Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9363943,
  "complaint_id": "9363943",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "In XXXX of XXXX I enrolled in Citibank 's Merchant Offer with XXXX for 6 % cash back on online purchases through XXXX. On XX/XX/XXXX I made a purchase on XXXX for {$7500.00}, expecting that I would receive a credit in the amount of {$450.00}. After I received my first statement, I noticed that I had not been given the credit on my account. I contacted Citibank and inquired when the credit would be posted. They advised it can take up to 8 weeks for the credit to show up. Therefore, when the 8 weeks passed, and I still had not received the credit, I called back. The Representative said she would look into and send a note to the department to check on the status. Each week I would log into my account to see if the credit posted, it did not. I have called Citibank over 18x regarding the status of the credit. Each time I have to explain the situation to a representative who then will transfer me to a manager in the \" back office ''. I have spoken to multiple managers who advised that my concerns have been noted and that they will follow up. Some managers advised they would call me back and do not. Some managers would hang up on me, knowing that I would not speak with them if I called back. It has been four months since I made the purchase, and the credit still has not been posted to my account. I have paid off each statement balance. \n\nUnfortunately, I now feel that this is a scam. The Citibank Merchant Offers are there for you to think you will get a credit, which never comes to fruition. If you call into inquire about the credit, they continue to say someone is taking care of it and never does. Eventually thinking the consumer will give up due to frustration.\n\nI am submitting this complaint as I do not feel that Citibank is addressing my issue and the only way they will is elevating it to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Please feel free to contact me to discuss this situation further. \n\nRegards, XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33611",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with rewards from credit card",
  "text": "In XXXX of XXXX I enrolled in Citibank 's Merchant Offer with XXXX for 6 % cash back on online purchases through XXXX. On XX/XX/XXXX I made a purchase on XXXX for {$7500.00}, expecting that I would receive a credit in the amount of {$450.00}. After I received my first statement, I noticed that I had not been given the credit on my account. I contacted Citibank and inquired when the credit would be posted. They advised it can take up to 8 weeks for the credit to show up. Therefore, when the 8 weeks passed, and I still had not received the credit, I called back. The Representative said she would look into and send a note to the department to check on the status. Each week I would log into my account to see if the credit posted, it did not. I have called Citibank over 18x regarding the status of the credit. Each time I have to explain the situation to a representative who then will transfer me to a manager in the \" back office ''. I have spoken to multiple managers who advised that my concerns have been noted and that they will follow up. Some managers advised they would call me back and do not. Some managers would hang up on me, knowing that I would not speak with them if I called back. It has been four months since I made the purchase, and the credit still has not been posted to my account. I have paid off each statement balance. \n\nUnfortunately, I now feel that this is a scam. The Citibank Merchant Offers are there for you to think you will get a credit, which never comes to fruition. If you call into inquire about the credit, they continue to say someone is taking care of it and never does. Eventually thinking the consumer will give up due to frustration.\n\nI am submitting this complaint as I do not feel that Citibank is addressing my issue and the only way they will is elevating it to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Please feel free to contact me to discuss this situation further. \n\nRegards, XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
in xxxx of xxxx i enrolled in citibank's merchant offer with xxxx for 6 % cash back on online purchases through xxxx. on xx / xx / xxxx i made a purchase on xxxx for { $ 7500. 00 }, expecting that i would receive a credit in the amount of { $ 450. 00 }. after i received my first statement, i noticed that i had not been given the credit on my account. i contacted citibank and inquired when the credit would be posted. they advised it can take up to 8 weeks for the credit to show up. therefore, when the 8 weeks passed, and i still had not received the credit, i called back. the representative said she would look into and send a note to the department to check on the status. each week i would log into my account to see if the credit posted, it did not. i have called citibank over 18x regarding the status of the credit. each time i have to explain the situation to a representative who then will transfer me to a manager in the " back office''. i have spoken to multiple managers who advised that my concerns have been noted and that they will follow up. some managers advised they would call me back and do not. some managers would hang up on me, knowing that i would not speak with them if i called back. it has been four months since i made the purchase, and the credit still has not been posted to my account. i have paid off each statement balance. unfortunately, i now feel that this is a scam. the citibank merchant offers are there for you to think you will get a credit, which never comes to fruition. if you call into inquire about the credit, they continue to say someone is taking care of it and never does. eventually thinking the consumer will give up due to frustration. i am submitting this complaint as i do not feel that citibank is addressing my issue and the only way they will is elevating it to the consumer financial protection bureau. please feel free to contact me to discuss this situation further. regards, xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993540644645691
}
