Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9263675,
  "complaint_id": "9263675",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I opened an account at XXXX XXXX with Wells Fargo. Everything from the start was misleading & I was only given the information electronically in the store to sign for the account. After a point of time all the interest was added to my account and I was unaware. I called and they told me they would let me settle the account without the fees. I was told I had 3 days. I called back. No one could verify this or help me do so. The account was then closed. I was unable to access the account and could not even get someone on the phone to help me locate the account. I am extremely frustrated. I need account settled. It continues to post to my account as past due. What do I do? No way to access account.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "757XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "I opened an account at XXXX XXXX with Wells Fargo. Everything from the start was misleading & I was only given the information electronically in the store to sign for the account. After a point of time all the interest was added to my account and I was unaware. I called and they told me they would let me settle the account without the fees. I was told I had 3 days. I called back. No one could verify this or help me do so. The account was then closed. I was unable to access the account and could not even get someone on the phone to help me locate the account. I am extremely frustrated. I need account settled. It continues to post to my account as past due. What do I do? No way to access account."
}

Chunk:
i opened an account at xxxx xxxx with wells fargo. everything from the start was misleading & i was only given the information electronically in the store to sign for the account. after a point of time all the interest was added to my account and i was unaware. i called and they told me they would let me settle the account without the fees. i was told i had 3 days. i called back. no one could verify this or help me do so. the account was then closed. i was unable to access the account and could not even get someone on the phone to help me locate the account. i am extremely frustrated. i need account settled. it continues to post to my account as past due. what do i do? no way to access account.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9997269511222839
}
