Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9175980,
  "complaint_id": "9175980",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I opened the account back in XXXX. I never received the card, or any statement. \nI receive promotions all the time, I receive alerts about the credit card, but never got the statement, so I CAN'T get into my account to be able to see my info, the amount and due dates to make online payments. \nThe payment is overdue for 2 months now, and even asking to get the card and the online statement, the company didn't send it. \nI'm receiving over XXXX calls daily about this overdue amount, which I'm very aware and anxious to get paid, but the company is trying to force me to authorize a payment over the phone, when I want to see the statement and check the numbers. \nEven asking them to send it when they call and even call them once to get this done, so far I didn't receive my statement, I got my Credit Score messed up, and I'm being constantly disturbed from XXXX to over XXXX some days with calls trying to make me authorize a payment over the phone when I couldn't be able to check the charges. \nThe last call I received, the person that spoke to me made it sound like doesn't matter if I received the info or not, it is my fault the payment is past due and I didn't pay because I didn't want to. \nI'm over this and I want this fixed.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "272XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "You never received your bill or did not know a payment was due",
  "text": "I opened the account back in XXXX. I never received the card, or any statement. \nI receive promotions all the time, I receive alerts about the credit card, but never got the statement, so I CAN'T get into my account to be able to see my info, the amount and due dates to make online payments. \nThe payment is overdue for 2 months now, and even asking to get the card and the online statement, the company didn't send it. \nI'm receiving over XXXX calls daily about this overdue amount, which I'm very aware and anxious to get paid, but the company is trying to force me to authorize a payment over the phone, when I want to see the statement and check the numbers. \nEven asking them to send it when they call and even call them once to get this done, so far I didn't receive my statement, I got my Credit Score messed up, and I'm being constantly disturbed from XXXX to over XXXX some days with calls trying to make me authorize a payment over the phone when I couldn't be able to check the charges. \nThe last call I received, the person that spoke to me made it sound like doesn't matter if I received the info or not, it is my fault the payment is past due and I didn't pay because I didn't want to. \nI'm over this and I want this fixed."
}

Chunk:
i opened the account back in xxxx. i never received the card, or any statement. i receive promotions all the time, i receive alerts about the credit card, but never got the statement, so i can't get into my account to be able to see my info, the amount and due dates to make online payments. the payment is overdue for 2 months now, and even asking to get the card and the online statement, the company didn't send it. i'm receiving over xxxx calls daily about this overdue amount, which i'm very aware and anxious to get paid, but the company is trying to force me to authorize a payment over the phone, when i want to see the statement and check the numbers. even asking them to send it when they call and even call them once to get this done, so far i didn't receive my statement, i got my credit score messed up, and i'm being constantly disturbed from xxxx to over xxxx some days with calls trying to make me authorize a payment over the phone when i couldn't be able to check the charges. the last call i received, the person that spoke to me made it sound like doesn't matter if i received the info or not, it is my fault the payment is past due and i didn't pay because i didn't want to. i'm over this and i want this fixed.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9989475607872009
}
