Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9204115,
  "complaint_id": "9204115",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "BANK : JP Morgan Chase Bank NA QUESTION RE : Reward Points from co-branded Marriott/Chase credit card Dear CFPB, I am a cardholder of a co-branded Marriott/Chase credit card issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank NA ( hereinafter , Chase ). \n\nI was a claimant in a recent arbitration with Chase through XXXX over a disputed charge of {$7700.00} on this co-branded Marriott/Chase credit card. \n\nIn my situation, a criminal made an unauthorized charge on the credit card after obtaining it through fraudulent actions and statements. I reported the unauthorized charge to Chase by telephone within hours of the charge being made and sent follow-up letters. Chase continued to claim the charge was valid, so I filed an arbitration. \n\nDuring the arbitration, Chases lawyer argued that the Marriott Reward Points that I received ( because of the rebilling of the disputed charge to my account ) provided a benefit under the 15 USC 1602 ( p ) definition of the term unauthorized use, and for this reason, Chase considered the disputed charge to be a valid authorized charge. Refer to the highlighted sections of the attached ( i ) Page 6 of Chases Motion to Dismiss Brief dated 2024-XXXX and ( ii ) Page 5 of Chases Evidentiary Hearing Position Statement dated 2024XXXX. \n\nQUESTION TO CHASE : Regarding Marriott Reward Points that are awarded with Chases co-branded Marriott credit card, does it continue to be Chases corporate position that Marriott Reward Points are a benefit under the 15 USC 1602 ( p ) definition of the term unauthorized use? \n\nREQUEST TO CFPB : Please thoroughly review Chases response to this question. \n( a ) If Chases corporate position is YES ( i.e., that reward points are a benefit ), then Chase could escape liability for an otherwise unauthorized fraudulent transaction by simply issuing reward points on an account, and there would be no way that a cardholder could ever prevail on a disputed claim in even the most egregious circumstances of fraud. \n( b ) If Chase does not answer this question with an affirmative denial, then it appears that Chase intends to continue to use this nonsensical reward points are a benefit position in credit card disputes with its cardholders.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "14617",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "BANK : JP Morgan Chase Bank NA QUESTION RE : Reward Points from co-branded Marriott/Chase credit card Dear CFPB, I am a cardholder of a co-branded Marriott/Chase credit card issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank NA ( hereinafter , Chase ). \n\nI was a claimant in a recent arbitration with Chase through XXXX over a disputed charge of {$7700.00} on this co-branded Marriott/Chase credit card. \n\nIn my situation, a criminal made an unauthorized charge on the credit card after obtaining it through fraudulent actions and statements. I reported the unauthorized charge to Chase by telephone within hours of the charge being made and sent follow-up letters. Chase continued to claim the charge was valid, so I filed an arbitration. \n\nDuring the arbitration, Chases lawyer argued that the Marriott Reward Points that I received ( because of the rebilling of the disputed charge to my account ) provided a benefit under the 15 USC 1602 ( p ) definition of the term unauthorized use, and for this reason, Chase considered the disputed charge to be a valid authorized charge. Refer to the highlighted sections of the attached ( i ) Page 6 of Chases Motion to Dismiss Brief dated 2024-XXXX and ( ii ) Page 5 of Chases Evidentiary Hearing Position Statement dated 2024XXXX. \n\nQUESTION TO CHASE : Regarding Marriott Reward Points that are awarded with Chases co-branded Marriott credit card, does it continue to be Chases corporate position that Marriott Reward Points are a benefit under the 15 USC 1602 ( p ) definition of the term unauthorized use? \n\nREQUEST TO CFPB : Please thoroughly review Chases response to this question. \n( a ) If Chases corporate position is YES ( i.e., that reward points are a benefit ), then Chase could escape liability for an otherwise unauthorized fraudulent transaction by simply issuing reward points on an account, and there would be no way that a cardholder could ever prevail on a disputed claim in even the most egregious circumstances of fraud. \n( b ) If Chase does not answer this question with an affirmative denial, then it appears that Chase intends to continue to use this nonsensical reward points are a benefit position in credit card disputes with its cardholders."
}

Chunk:
bank : jp morgan chase bank na question re : reward points from co - branded marriott / chase credit card dear cfpb, i am a cardholder of a co - branded marriott / chase credit card issued by jp morgan chase bank na ( hereinafter, chase ). i was a claimant in a recent arbitration with chase through xxxx over a disputed charge of { $ 7700. 00 } on this co - branded marriott / chase credit card. in my situation, a criminal made an unauthorized charge on the credit card after obtaining it through fraudulent actions and statements. i reported the unauthorized charge to chase by telephone within hours of the charge being made and sent follow - up letters. chase continued to claim the charge was valid, so i filed an arbitration. during the arbitration, chases lawyer argued that the marriott reward points that i received ( because of the rebilling of the disputed charge to my account ) provided a benefit under the 15 usc 1602 ( p ) definition of the term unauthorized use, and for this reason, chase considered the disputed charge to be a valid authorized charge. refer to the highlighted sections of the attached ( i ) page 6 of chases motion to dismiss brief dated 2024 - xxxx and ( ii ) page 5 of chases evidentiary hearing position statement dated 2024xxxx. question to chase : regarding marriott reward points that are awarded with chases co - branded marriott credit card, does it continue to be chases corporate position that marriott reward points are a benefit under the 15 usc 1602 ( p ) definition of the term unauthorized use? request to cfpb : please thoroughly review chases response to this question. ( a ) if chases corporate position is yes ( i. e., that reward points are a benefit ), then chase could escape liability for an otherwise unauthorized fraudulent transaction by simply issuing reward points on an account, and there would be no way that a cardholder could ever prevail on a disputed claim in even the most egregious circumstances of fraud. ( b ) if chase does not answer this question with an affirmative denial, then it appears that chase intends to continue to use this nonsensical reward points are a benefit position in credit card disputes with its cardholders.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9954814910888672
}
