Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9190300,
  "complaint_id": "9190300",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have a Gold Amex card which had no preset spending limit. I have been a loyal AMEX customer since 1992 and have never paid late. In fact, many months I pay XXXX weeks before the payment is due. With inflation and rising interest rates, my monthly payments do not make as big of a dent in the balance, but they are always paid timely and there have not been any large or sudden significant increases in my balance. I received a notice today saying I now had a preset spending limit. That would not bother me so much if they hadn't set my preset spending limit below my current balance. So all of a sudden, without any notice to me, I am several XXXX over my credit limit. Why - because AMEX set a limit that was several XXXX lower than my current balance. That will cause my credit score to literally plummet - a credit limit that has been exceeded by several XXXX. Also, if I suddenly need to pay everything over the newly imposed credit limit that will not be possible. Setting a credit limit is one thing, but below a customers current balance seems predatory as it literally destroys their credit through no fault of their own and may suddenly set them up for ballooning payments due to the lowered credit limit. If you exceed a credit limit, many cards make you pay everything above that limit. I attempted to speak to AMEX and all I got was an agent that said I could dispute but the process would take a while and I had to provide my net worth. When I was approved for the card I provided all of that. The fact is, I am in good standing and have been for quite some time. AMEX needs to raise the credit limit to an amount above my current balance so I don't get a major hit on my credit and so I don't suddenly owe an excessive balance due to having to pay the amount over. We are in the process of selling a home and moving. And my husband has some medical issues we are dealing with. I can't take a credit hit that will impact my other finances. No other card has treated me this way. AMEX may think I am riskier these days but I have never paid late. And that is no excuse for bringing a credit limit below my current balance - and without notice.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "787XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "I have a Gold Amex card which had no preset spending limit. I have been a loyal AMEX customer since 1992 and have never paid late. In fact, many months I pay XXXX weeks before the payment is due. With inflation and rising interest rates, my monthly payments do not make as big of a dent in the balance, but they are always paid timely and there have not been any large or sudden significant increases in my balance. I received a notice today saying I now had a preset spending limit. That would not bother me so much if they hadn't set my preset spending limit below my current balance. So all of a sudden, without any notice to me, I am several XXXX over my credit limit. Why - because AMEX set a limit that was several XXXX lower than my current balance. That will cause my credit score to literally plummet - a credit limit that has been exceeded by several XXXX. Also, if I suddenly need to pay everything over the newly imposed credit limit that will not be possible. Setting a credit limit is one thing, but below a customers current balance seems predatory as it literally destroys their credit through no fault of their own and may suddenly set them up for ballooning payments due to the lowered credit limit. If you exceed a credit limit, many cards make you pay everything above that limit. I attempted to speak to AMEX and all I got was an agent that said I could dispute but the process would take a while and I had to provide my net worth. When I was approved for the card I provided all of that. The fact is, I am in good standing and have been for quite some time. AMEX needs to raise the credit limit to an amount above my current balance so I don't get a major hit on my credit and so I don't suddenly owe an excessive balance due to having to pay the amount over. We are in the process of selling a home and moving. And my husband has some medical issues we are dealing with. I can't take a credit hit that will impact my other finances. No other card has treated me this way. AMEX may think I am riskier these days but I have never paid late. And that is no excuse for bringing a credit limit below my current balance - and without notice."
}

Chunk:
i have a gold amex card which had no preset spending limit. i have been a loyal amex customer since 1992 and have never paid late. in fact, many months i pay xxxx weeks before the payment is due. with inflation and rising interest rates, my monthly payments do not make as big of a dent in the balance, but they are always paid timely and there have not been any large or sudden significant increases in my balance. i received a notice today saying i now had a preset spending limit. that would not bother me so much if they hadn't set my preset spending limit below my current balance. so all of a sudden, without any notice to me, i am several xxxx over my credit limit. why - because amex set a limit that was several xxxx lower than my current balance. that will cause my credit score to literally plummet - a credit limit that has been exceeded by several xxxx. also, if i suddenly need to pay everything over the newly imposed credit limit that will not be possible. setting a credit limit is one thing, but below a customers current balance seems predatory as it literally destroys their credit through no fault of their own and may suddenly set them up for ballooning payments due to the lowered credit limit. if you exceed a credit limit, many cards make you pay everything above that limit. i attempted to speak to amex and all i got was an agent that said i could dispute but the process would take a while and i had to provide my net worth. when i was approved for the card i provided all of that. the fact is, i am in good standing and have been for quite some time. amex needs to raise the credit limit to an amount above my current balance so i don't get a major hit on my credit and so i don't suddenly owe an excessive balance due to having to pay the amount over. we are in the process of selling a home and moving. and my husband has some medical issues we are dealing with. i can't take a credit hit that will impact my other finances. no other card has treated me this way. amex may think i am riskier these days but i have never paid late. and that is no excuse for bringing a credit limit below my current balance - and without notice.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9987026453018188
}
