Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9204325,
  "complaint_id": "9204325",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to dispute a credit inquiry that was made by best buy. Best buy applied a credit run for me to open a credit card at their store. I did not consent or give permission for a credit inquiry. The credit inquiry is in error because I went to the store to purchase a laptop and I was asked by the cashier if I wanted to apply for credit card and I stated I did not want to and proceed to pay with debit. Attached with this letter is a copy of the receipt of the laptop I purchased with my debit card. I went to Best Buy multiple times and they were not very helpful they did not want to help me with a letter. They provided a letter finally but it only states that it could have been identity fraud.\n\nI am requesting that the error be corrected, that any credit impact related to the disputed credit inquiry be fixed on my account so that it doesnt affect my credit score which I have worked hard to obtain. \nEnclosed are copies of receipt for my purchase on that day and the letter from best buy supporting that I did not run my credit inquiry. Please help correct the error on my account. \nXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "75023",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "I am writing to dispute a credit inquiry that was made by best buy. Best buy applied a credit run for me to open a credit card at their store. I did not consent or give permission for a credit inquiry. The credit inquiry is in error because I went to the store to purchase a laptop and I was asked by the cashier if I wanted to apply for credit card and I stated I did not want to and proceed to pay with debit. Attached with this letter is a copy of the receipt of the laptop I purchased with my debit card. I went to Best Buy multiple times and they were not very helpful they did not want to help me with a letter. They provided a letter finally but it only states that it could have been identity fraud.\n\nI am requesting that the error be corrected, that any credit impact related to the disputed credit inquiry be fixed on my account so that it doesnt affect my credit score which I have worked hard to obtain. \nEnclosed are copies of receipt for my purchase on that day and the letter from best buy supporting that I did not run my credit inquiry. Please help correct the error on my account. \nXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
i am writing to dispute a credit inquiry that was made by best buy. best buy applied a credit run for me to open a credit card at their store. i did not consent or give permission for a credit inquiry. the credit inquiry is in error because i went to the store to purchase a laptop and i was asked by the cashier if i wanted to apply for credit card and i stated i did not want to and proceed to pay with debit. attached with this letter is a copy of the receipt of the laptop i purchased with my debit card. i went to best buy multiple times and they were not very helpful they did not want to help me with a letter. they provided a letter finally but it only states that it could have been identity fraud. i am requesting that the error be corrected, that any credit impact related to the disputed credit inquiry be fixed on my account so that it doesnt affect my credit score which i have worked hard to obtain. enclosed are copies of receipt for my purchase on that day and the letter from best buy supporting that i did not run my credit inquiry. please help correct the error on my account. xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995611310005188
}
