Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9260334,
  "complaint_id": "9260334",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "About three months ago I opened a checking account with Capital One Bank, and for this purpose and management of my account I downloaded their application. After a few days, in the application a pre-approved for the capital one quick silver card appeared ( I did not see anywhere under what conditions ), which I clicked on and it simply directed me to the page where they requested additional information, ( social number, tax, and other things that I don't remember ), carry out this procedure and put the entry request on hold. After 24 hours I received an email telling me that my Quick Silver card was approved and that it would be sent in the next few days. In that email, no mention was ever made of the conditions under which it was approved. However, due to the negligence of the bank or the delivery service, I received that card almost a month later ( I even had to request a replacement card ). \nNow the problem is stipulated in the misleading advertising of this bank with its Quick Silver franchise, when one enters the Internet or XXXX search engine one sees the benefits of this card, among which are a bonus of XXXX dollars if I spend XXXX dollars during the First 3 months, this benefit is very common on credit cards, so much so that on my two XXXX  XXXX XXXX credit cards, you receive this benefit without any problem. \nbut not this bank and its deceptions ... today, XX/XX/year>, I came to find out that these characters handle 4 types of Quick Silver cards and that according to them the one they approved for me does not have this benefit, something really outrageous and that It bothers me quite a bit. If they informed me of conditions in the approval email, I don't remember it and unfortunately I deleted that email, now under the light of the law, do they inform me of that after approving it? It would be too late to reject it, right? Approved is approved and even my credit report will be affected, something that never happened with my other bank. \n\nNow why don't they get cards with different names? No, they take advantage of this so that naive people like me fall into their trap. The truth is, I decided to open this card for the welcome bonus, not for more, since I have two credit cards from another bank, which I rarely use., and with the quota I have it is more than enough for me. \nI want this problem to be thoroughly investigated because we are in the light of misleading advertising, as I told you, on my portal only quick silver credit cards appeared ... but the profiteers differentiate between those that have the benefit of the bonus and those that have the benefit of the bonus. not with the following names or terms Quick silver rewards credit excellent and quick silver rewards credit good.. how is this possible? I know many people have fallen for this scam. \nNow, they manage a referral program, to which when you refer, you do it for the same card that you have, right? I referred my wife who has more or less the same credit score as mine, and when they approved her and he spent his XXXX dollars if they gave him that benefit. \nThe truth is that what that bank is doing with its clients is a pretty serious deception, and even more so with the misleading advertising that appears in internet search engines and that comes from the official Capital One website. Please investigate, I'm not doing this for XXXX dollars, that's not going to make me richer, I'm doing it so that more people don't fall for this dirty trick. \nthank you so much.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "751XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Confusing or misleading advertising about the credit card",
  "text": "About three months ago I opened a checking account with Capital One Bank, and for this purpose and management of my account I downloaded their application. After a few days, in the application a pre-approved for the capital one quick silver card appeared ( I did not see anywhere under what conditions ), which I clicked on and it simply directed me to the page where they requested additional information, ( social number, tax, and other things that I don't remember ), carry out this procedure and put the entry request on hold. After 24 hours I received an email telling me that my Quick Silver card was approved and that it would be sent in the next few days. In that email, no mention was ever made of the conditions under which it was approved. However, due to the negligence of the bank or the delivery service, I received that card almost a month later ( I even had to request a replacement card ). \nNow the problem is stipulated in the misleading advertising of this bank with its Quick Silver franchise, when one enters the Internet or XXXX search engine one sees the benefits of this card, among which are a bonus of XXXX dollars if I spend XXXX dollars during the First 3 months, this benefit is very common on credit cards, so much so that on my two XXXX  XXXX XXXX credit cards, you receive this benefit without any problem. \nbut not this bank and its deceptions ... today, XX/XX/year>, I came to find out that these characters handle 4 types of Quick Silver cards and that according to them the one they approved for me does not have this benefit, something really outrageous and that It bothers me quite a bit. If they informed me of conditions in the approval email, I don't remember it and unfortunately I deleted that email, now under the light of the law, do they inform me of that after approving it? It would be too late to reject it, right? Approved is approved and even my credit report will be affected, something that never happened with my other bank. \n\nNow why don't they get cards with different names? No, they take advantage of this so that naive people like me fall into their trap. The truth is, I decided to open this card for the welcome bonus, not for more, since I have two credit cards from another bank, which I rarely use., and with the quota I have it is more than enough for me. \nI want this problem to be thoroughly investigated because we are in the light of misleading advertising, as I told you, on my portal only quick silver credit cards appeared ... but the profiteers differentiate between those that have the benefit of the bonus and those that have the benefit of the bonus. not with the following names or terms Quick silver rewards credit excellent and quick silver rewards credit good.. how is this possible? I know many people have fallen for this scam. \nNow, they manage a referral program, to which when you refer, you do it for the same card that you have, right? I referred my wife who has more or less the same credit score as mine, and when they approved her and he spent his XXXX dollars if they gave him that benefit. \nThe truth is that what that bank is doing with its clients is a pretty serious deception, and even more so with the misleading advertising that appears in internet search engines and that comes from the official Capital One website. Please investigate, I'm not doing this for XXXX dollars, that's not going to make me richer, I'm doing it so that more people don't fall for this dirty trick. \nthank you so much."
}

Chunk:
, as i told you, on my portal only quick silver credit cards appeared... but the profiteers differentiate between those that have the benefit of the bonus and those that have the benefit of the bonus. not with the following names or terms quick silver rewards credit excellent and quick silver rewards credit good.. how is this possible? i know many people have fallen for this scam. now, they manage a referral program, to which when you refer, you do it for the same card that you have, right? i referred my wife who has more or less the same credit score as mine, and when they approved her and he spent his xxxx dollars if they gave him that benefit. the truth is that what that bank is doing with its clients is a pretty serious deception, and even more so with the misleading advertising that appears in internet search engines and that comes from the official capital one website. please investigate, i'm not doing this for xxxx dollars, that's not going to make me richer, i'm doing it so that more people don't fall for this dirty trick. thank you so much.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9851039052009583
}
