Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9244875,
  "complaint_id": "9244875",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "During the first week of XXXX, I received an email from Carnival World Mastercard ( a Barclays credit card ) for a promotional offer of no-interest for a year on balance transfers. On XX/XX/XXXX, I logged into the website, entered my XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX number ( a XXXX credit card ending in XXXX ), and requested the balance of {$3800.00} be transferred to my Carnival card ( herein CWMC ). I did not receive any confirmation email regarding this transfer, but assumed all went as planned. On XX/XX/XXXX, I logged into mXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( herein XXXX ) and paid the balance that was due : {$3800.00}. That was when I realized that this {$3800.00} balance was not supposed to be on this card but transferred to my CWMC. I logged into my CWMC, and the account activity showed a balance transfer of {$3800.00} plus a fee of {$150.00} processed on XX/XX/XXXX. \n\nI immediately called CWMC customer service and reported that the balance transfer did not pay off my XXXX. I was advised that a case would be submitted and I would receive a letter in the mail in up to 21 days. I waited until day 21 ( XX/XX/XXXX ), then called again. I was advised that no case existed. I explained the situation to this agent and was advised that there is a balance transfer showing. So, I explained that it is showing, but it did not pay off the card it was allotted to pay off. The agent said they understood and would submit a new case ( XXXX ) and that I would get a letter in the mail in up to 21 days regarding this case. A few days later, I received a voicemail requesting a call-back to the Customer Security department XXXX I called the number provided, but it sent me to a fax line. I then called the number on the back of my CWMC card and asked to be transferred to the Customer Security department. This request was denied, so provided the agent the case number and was advised that the previous agent left a note on the case. The note stated that an inquiry was made to one of the financial departments. This inquiry uncovered an error related to the balance transfer recipients account number. The agent with whom I was speaking asked me to confirm the account number I entered to receive the balance transfer ( XXXX ) and I was advised that it did not match the recipient account number on file ( XXXX ). I told the agent that the account number they had on file is not known to me and is not the account number I requested to receive the balance transfer funds. In addition, the balance had already been paid and the transfer was no longer necessary. The agent confirmed that they understood the issue and would update the case notes accordingly, then I would receive a letter regarding the case in up to 21 days. \n\n\nTowards the end of XXXX, I received a letter dated XX/XX/XXXX that simply stated they were unable to complete [ my ] request. I followed up with CWMC regarding this letter on XX/XX/XXXX and spoke with XXXX. She advised me that the case has been closed due to being incorrectly marked as a fraud claim. I explained the issue to her and was advised that a new case would need to be opened. Due to the frustrating nature of this ordeal, I asked to speak with a supervisor and was transferred to her manager, XXXX ( operator ID : XXXX ). Again, I explained the situation and XXXX opened a new case ( XXXX ). I confirmed with XXXX that a balance transfer had been requested to pay off my XXXX, but the XXXX  had not received any funds and I had paid off the balance myself. Subsequently, the balance transfer was no longer needed and should be cancelled altogether. I also confirmed with XXXX that the recipient account number on the balance transfer for the XXXX  did not match the number on my card. She seemed to fully grasp the situation and assured me that she would call me back during the early part of the following week. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX, I received another letter. This time, the letter had the case number on it and simply stated that the disputed transaction was being investigated and it could take up to 60 days. I called on XX/XX/XXXX and asked to be transferred to XXXX, as she had been working on my case. I was told that it was not possible to be transferred to a specific agent and that I needed to continue waiting. There were no updates on the case file at this point. \n\nAfter this call, I realized that the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX used to be a XXXX XXXX. Fortunately, I found an old book of passwords and was able to confirm that my original XXXX XXXX ended in XXXX. This morning, XX/XX/XXXX, I called XXXX and verified that the XXXX account number XXXX is no longer valid due to all the accounts being transferred over to XXXX XXXX XXXX. The representative made a note of this call and that CWMC could call and confirm the account was not active ( reference number XXXX ). Next, I called CWMC and advised them that the recipient account number on the balance transfer is not a valid account number. The agent said they would make a note and that I still had to wait one to two billing cycles to hear back about this issue. There were not updates on the case file and no indication that anything had been done or that anyone was working on my case. \n\nIt was confirmed in the first week of XXXX there was an error on the balance transfer, which indicated it was likely not successful. I have even been able to verify that the recipient account number is in fact an invalid account number, but they still havent resolved the issue or removed the balance from my account. In addition, CWMC refused to pause the minimum payment requirement. So, despite the fact that CWMC has paid out no money, I am required to make payments on a balance transfer that never happened. \n\nAny assistance you could provide would be greatly appreciated.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "32778",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with balance transfer",
  "text": "During the first week of XXXX, I received an email from Carnival World Mastercard ( a Barclays credit card ) for a promotional offer of no-interest for a year on balance transfers. On XX/XX/XXXX, I logged into the website, entered my XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX number ( a XXXX credit card ending in XXXX ), and requested the balance of {$3800.00} be transferred to my Carnival card ( herein CWMC ). I did not receive any confirmation email regarding this transfer, but assumed all went as planned. On XX/XX/XXXX, I logged into mXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( herein XXXX ) and paid the balance that was due : {$3800.00}. That was when I realized that this {$3800.00} balance was not supposed to be on this card but transferred to my CWMC. I logged into my CWMC, and the account activity showed a balance transfer of {$3800.00} plus a fee of {$150.00} processed on XX/XX/XXXX. \n\nI immediately called CWMC customer service and reported that the balance transfer did not pay off my XXXX. I was advised that a case would be submitted and I would receive a letter in the mail in up to 21 days. I waited until day 21 ( XX/XX/XXXX ), then called again. I was advised that no case existed. I explained the situation to this agent and was advised that there is a balance transfer showing. So, I explained that it is showing, but it did not pay off the card it was allotted to pay off. The agent said they understood and would submit a new case ( XXXX ) and that I would get a letter in the mail in up to 21 days regarding this case. A few days later, I received a voicemail requesting a call-back to the Customer Security department XXXX I called the number provided, but it sent me to a fax line. I then called the number on the back of my CWMC card and asked to be transferred to the Customer Security department. This request was denied, so provided the agent the case number and was advised that the previous agent left a note on the case. The note stated that an inquiry was made to one of the financial departments. This inquiry uncovered an error related to the balance transfer recipients account number. The agent with whom I was speaking asked me to confirm the account number I entered to receive the balance transfer ( XXXX ) and I was advised that it did not match the recipient account number on file ( XXXX ). I told the agent that the account number they had on file is not known to me and is not the account number I requested to receive the balance transfer funds. In addition, the balance had already been paid and the transfer was no longer necessary. The agent confirmed that they understood the issue and would update the case notes accordingly, then I would receive a letter regarding the case in up to 21 days. \n\n\nTowards the end of XXXX, I received a letter dated XX/XX/XXXX that simply stated they were unable to complete [ my ] request. I followed up with CWMC regarding this letter on XX/XX/XXXX and spoke with XXXX. She advised me that the case has been closed due to being incorrectly marked as a fraud claim. I explained the issue to her and was advised that a new case would need to be opened. Due to the frustrating nature of this ordeal, I asked to speak with a supervisor and was transferred to her manager, XXXX ( operator ID : XXXX ). Again, I explained the situation and XXXX opened a new case ( XXXX ). I confirmed with XXXX that a balance transfer had been requested to pay off my XXXX, but the XXXX  had not received any funds and I had paid off the balance myself. Subsequently, the balance transfer was no longer needed and should be cancelled altogether. I also confirmed with XXXX that the recipient account number on the balance transfer for the XXXX  did not match the number on my card. She seemed to fully grasp the situation and assured me that she would call me back during the early part of the following week. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX, I received another letter. This time, the letter had the case number on it and simply stated that the disputed transaction was being investigated and it could take up to 60 days. I called on XX/XX/XXXX and asked to be transferred to XXXX, as she had been working on my case. I was told that it was not possible to be transferred to a specific agent and that I needed to continue waiting. There were no updates on the case file at this point. \n\nAfter this call, I realized that the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX used to be a XXXX XXXX. Fortunately, I found an old book of passwords and was able to confirm that my original XXXX XXXX ended in XXXX. This morning, XX/XX/XXXX, I called XXXX and verified that the XXXX account number XXXX is no longer valid due to all the accounts being transferred over to XXXX XXXX XXXX. The representative made a note of this call and that CWMC could call and confirm the account was not active ( reference number XXXX ). Next, I called CWMC and advised them that the recipient account number on the balance transfer is not a valid account number. The agent said they would make a note and that I still had to wait one to two billing cycles to hear back about this issue. There were not updates on the case file and no indication that anything had been done or that anyone was working on my case. \n\nIt was confirmed in the first week of XXXX there was an error on the balance transfer, which indicated it was likely not successful. I have even been able to verify that the recipient account number is in fact an invalid account number, but they still havent resolved the issue or removed the balance from my account. In addition, CWMC refused to pause the minimum payment requirement. So, despite the fact that CWMC has paid out no money, I am required to make payments on a balance transfer that never happened. \n\nAny assistance you could provide would be greatly appreciated."
}

Chunk:
during the first week of xxxx, i received an email from carnival world mastercard ( a barclays credit card ) for a promotional offer of no - interest for a year on balance transfers. on xx / xx / xxxx, i logged into the website, entered my xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx number ( a xxxx credit card ending in xxxx ), and requested the balance of { $ 3800. 00 } be transferred to my carnival card ( herein cwmc ). i did not receive any confirmation email regarding this transfer, but assumed all went as planned. on xx / xx / xxxx, i logged into mxxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx ( herein xxxx ) and paid the balance that was due : { $ 3800. 00 }. that was when i realized that this { $ 3800. 00 } balance was not supposed to be on this card but transferred to my cwmc. i logged into my cwmc, and the account activity showed a balance transfer of { $ 3800. 00 } plus a fee of { $ 150. 00 } processed on xx / xx / xxxx. i immediately called cwmc customer service and reported that the balance transfer did not pay off my xxxx. i was advised that a case would be submitted and i would receive a letter in the mail in up to 21 days. i waited until day 21 ( xx / xx / xxxx ), then called again. i was advised that no case existed. i explained the situation to this agent and was advised that there is a balance transfer showing. so, i explained that it is showing, but it did not pay off the card it was allotted to pay off. the agent said they understood and would submit a new case ( xxxx ) and that i would get a letter in the mail in up to 21 days regarding this case. a few days later, i received a voicemail requesting a call - back to the customer security department xxxx i called the number provided, but it sent me to a fax line. i then called the number on the back of my cwmc card and asked to be transferred to the customer security department. this request was denied, so provided the agent the case number and was advised that the previous agent left a note on the case. the note stated that an inquiry was made to one of the financial departments. this inquiry uncovered an error related to the balance transfer recipients account number. the agent with whom i was speaking asked me to confirm the

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991433620452881
}
