Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9021567,
  "complaint_id": "9021567",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am XXXX XXXX XXXX and have had a Citibank credit cards for a very long time. I XXXX  became aware of fraudulent charges and financial elder abuse in the Fall of XXXX when my daughter began helping to manage my finances. When fraud charges were brought to their attention, Citibank fairly quickly investigated the previous XXXX  years of disputed charges and issued temporary, then permanent, credits to my account. \n\nAfter doing more online research of my accounts and requesting years of statements dating back to XXXX, in XXXX of XXXX my daughter ( who has Power of Attorney and Administrative Access to my Citibank account ), notified XXXX XXXX via phone and sent individual emails detailing each of the remaining XXXX  years worth of disputed charges including statements and line items of the fraud charges. \n\nAfter more than XXXX phone calls spanning XXXX  months, with weeks of patiently waiting in between calls, speaking with dozens of service reps and supervisors, being strung along, waiting another XXXX  months, AND having been given what turned out to be false updates on progress, NOTHING has been done. Nothing. \n\nAs directed, she emailed complete credit card statements with specific lines items and amounts of every disputed charge to XXXX. Then after waiting for weeks and making multiple follow up calls, she was told shed have to send all of the information in email again. Still when she called to follow up, Citibank said they didn't have the emails. \n\nIn XXXX of XXXX, as directed by Citibank, my daughter sent a letter of explanation along with the XXXX  page of each email she sent to XXXX that detailed the disputed charges and requested that a Manager be assigned to help her. ( She included all related complete bank statements with the emails she previously sent. ) To date there has been no response. \n\nShe and I have spend countless hours and over a year and a half trying to get this resolved and Citibank has made us jump through hoops, all of which we have done, and there has been XXXX progress.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "94530",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I am XXXX XXXX XXXX and have had a Citibank credit cards for a very long time. I XXXX  became aware of fraudulent charges and financial elder abuse in the Fall of XXXX when my daughter began helping to manage my finances. When fraud charges were brought to their attention, Citibank fairly quickly investigated the previous XXXX  years of disputed charges and issued temporary, then permanent, credits to my account. \n\nAfter doing more online research of my accounts and requesting years of statements dating back to XXXX, in XXXX of XXXX my daughter ( who has Power of Attorney and Administrative Access to my Citibank account ), notified XXXX XXXX via phone and sent individual emails detailing each of the remaining XXXX  years worth of disputed charges including statements and line items of the fraud charges. \n\nAfter more than XXXX phone calls spanning XXXX  months, with weeks of patiently waiting in between calls, speaking with dozens of service reps and supervisors, being strung along, waiting another XXXX  months, AND having been given what turned out to be false updates on progress, NOTHING has been done. Nothing. \n\nAs directed, she emailed complete credit card statements with specific lines items and amounts of every disputed charge to XXXX. Then after waiting for weeks and making multiple follow up calls, she was told shed have to send all of the information in email again. Still when she called to follow up, Citibank said they didn't have the emails. \n\nIn XXXX of XXXX, as directed by Citibank, my daughter sent a letter of explanation along with the XXXX  page of each email she sent to XXXX that detailed the disputed charges and requested that a Manager be assigned to help her. ( She included all related complete bank statements with the emails she previously sent. ) To date there has been no response. \n\nShe and I have spend countless hours and over a year and a half trying to get this resolved and Citibank has made us jump through hoops, all of which we have done, and there has been XXXX progress."
}

Chunk:
i am xxxx xxxx xxxx and have had a citibank credit cards for a very long time. i xxxx became aware of fraudulent charges and financial elder abuse in the fall of xxxx when my daughter began helping to manage my finances. when fraud charges were brought to their attention, citibank fairly quickly investigated the previous xxxx years of disputed charges and issued temporary, then permanent, credits to my account. after doing more online research of my accounts and requesting years of statements dating back to xxxx, in xxxx of xxxx my daughter ( who has power of attorney and administrative access to my citibank account ), notified xxxx xxxx via phone and sent individual emails detailing each of the remaining xxxx years worth of disputed charges including statements and line items of the fraud charges. after more than xxxx phone calls spanning xxxx months, with weeks of patiently waiting in between calls, speaking with dozens of service reps and supervisors, being strung along, waiting another xxxx months, and having been given what turned out to be false updates on progress, nothing has been done. nothing. as directed, she emailed complete credit card statements with specific lines items and amounts of every disputed charge to xxxx. then after waiting for weeks and making multiple follow up calls, she was told shed have to send all of the information in email again. still when she called to follow up, citibank said they didn't have the emails. in xxxx of xxxx, as directed by citibank, my daughter sent a letter of explanation along with the xxxx page of each email she sent to xxxx that detailed the disputed charges and requested that a manager be assigned to help her. ( she included all related complete bank statements with the emails she previously sent. ) to date there has been no response. she and i have spend countless hours and over a year and a half trying to get this resolved and citibank has made us jump through hoops, all of which we have done, and there has been xxxx progress.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9968580007553101
}
