Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9145336,
  "complaint_id": "9145336",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have a credit card through Avant I requested for them to close my account via mail and email. I have not made a payment in over 195 days they are keeping the card open indefinitely so my balance and late fees keep accumulating to theyre advantage and are referring that this credit card is a personal loan which it is not. They are being predatory by not closing this account which will soon be 195 days late racking up almost XXXX in fees they seem to want to do this indefinitely. They keep sending me unauthorized text messages asking me if I want to use my card make a payment. I am so underwater because of these fees. They seem to want to keep doing this forever I have been accruing late fees for over 8 months I believe this is illegal",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "32807",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "In progress",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Avant Holding Company, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I have a credit card through Avant I requested for them to close my account via mail and email. I have not made a payment in over 195 days they are keeping the card open indefinitely so my balance and late fees keep accumulating to theyre advantage and are referring that this credit card is a personal loan which it is not. They are being predatory by not closing this account which will soon be 195 days late racking up almost XXXX in fees they seem to want to do this indefinitely. They keep sending me unauthorized text messages asking me if I want to use my card make a payment. I am so underwater because of these fees. They seem to want to keep doing this forever I have been accruing late fees for over 8 months I believe this is illegal"
}

Chunk:
i have a credit card through avant i requested for them to close my account via mail and email. i have not made a payment in over 195 days they are keeping the card open indefinitely so my balance and late fees keep accumulating to theyre advantage and are referring that this credit card is a personal loan which it is not. they are being predatory by not closing this account which will soon be 195 days late racking up almost xxxx in fees they seem to want to do this indefinitely. they keep sending me unauthorized text messages asking me if i want to use my card make a payment. i am so underwater because of these fees. they seem to want to keep doing this forever i have been accruing late fees for over 8 months i believe this is illegal

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.995559811592102
}
