Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9257240,
  "complaint_id": "9257240",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My XXXX Credit Card was used unauthorizedly. I disputed the charges, and they were all denied. I contacted the merchant and requested information. I received the information and provided it to XXXX Credit Card support. The information shows that the orders were shipped to a California address and to a person called XXXX XXXX. My name is XXXX XXXX XXXX, and I live in XXXX XXXX, XXXX Despite the information I provided, my numerous claims were still denied, the credit was reversed, and I was deemed responsible for the charges. Also, my credit card account was closed due to the chargebacks. \n\nI have attached the information with this complaint again along with my Nevada Driver License with the sensitive information white out. I hope XXXX Credit Card can review the information I provided and return the credit to my account and reinstate my credit card.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "89118",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA",
  "date_received": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NV",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "My XXXX Credit Card was used unauthorizedly. I disputed the charges, and they were all denied. I contacted the merchant and requested information. I received the information and provided it to XXXX Credit Card support. The information shows that the orders were shipped to a California address and to a person called XXXX XXXX. My name is XXXX XXXX XXXX, and I live in XXXX XXXX, XXXX Despite the information I provided, my numerous claims were still denied, the credit was reversed, and I was deemed responsible for the charges. Also, my credit card account was closed due to the chargebacks. \n\nI have attached the information with this complaint again along with my Nevada Driver License with the sensitive information white out. I hope XXXX Credit Card can review the information I provided and return the credit to my account and reinstate my credit card."
}

Chunk:
my xxxx credit card was used unauthorizedly. i disputed the charges, and they were all denied. i contacted the merchant and requested information. i received the information and provided it to xxxx credit card support. the information shows that the orders were shipped to a california address and to a person called xxxx xxxx. my name is xxxx xxxx xxxx, and i live in xxxx xxxx, xxxx despite the information i provided, my numerous claims were still denied, the credit was reversed, and i was deemed responsible for the charges. also, my credit card account was closed due to the chargebacks. i have attached the information with this complaint again along with my nevada driver license with the sensitive information white out. i hope xxxx credit card can review the information i provided and return the credit to my account and reinstate my credit card.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9968467354774475
}
