Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9134050,
  "complaint_id": "9134050",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX Complaint with Capital One Bank for Illegal Fees and Interest. They responded to the complaint and they have credited the accounts for the fees, However, these are closed accounts and are never going to be reopened and the money needs to be sent to me in a check form from Capital One bank  so I have access to that money. That is my money that they charged to my accounts illegally. They did this on two of my accounts, Account ending in XXXX, Account ending in XXXX. I would like a check in the amount owed ; {$18.00} sent to my address, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX. A check shouldve been sent To my residence regarding these fees, The accounts were already closed, in the right thing to do here wouldve been to mail me a check for that amount so I dont have to keep asking this company to do the right thing when thats the right thing when you owe someone money you send him a check for the amount that you owe them. If I dont get the money, then I will file a claim, Then I will ask for fees for that I have to spend money for, That means they will pay for the claim, My time, Interest fees, And I will ask for other damages if this is not rectified. In a small claims court I can do this Because this company is not following the rules and regulations of banking policy and procedures. I also also expect the account XXXX to be put on a payment plan of {$80.00} a month, I am offering more than I couldve paid before and this is what Im asking for. I want it on a payment plan for the duration of the account so that I can pay it off. Capital One did not stand transparent, on what actually took place. You can not deny a XXXXXXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and or family member, Programs they have rights and access to. The responsible thing is to allow me to pay the account off at an amount that I am able to pay off, Otherwise, I will take this matter to small claims as well. I will file paperwork. I will bring this attention to the judge. This has been going on for over a year. I am trying to do the right thing however this bank thinks that it can avoid policies, procedures and laws set up by the banking industry, And there are rights that XXXXXXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX have that these banking industries can not deny it is illegal.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "836XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "ID",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Charged too much interest",
  "text": "XXXX Complaint with Capital One Bank for Illegal Fees and Interest. They responded to the complaint and they have credited the accounts for the fees, However, these are closed accounts and are never going to be reopened and the money needs to be sent to me in a check form from Capital One bank  so I have access to that money. That is my money that they charged to my accounts illegally. They did this on two of my accounts, Account ending in XXXX, Account ending in XXXX. I would like a check in the amount owed ; {$18.00} sent to my address, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX. A check shouldve been sent To my residence regarding these fees, The accounts were already closed, in the right thing to do here wouldve been to mail me a check for that amount so I dont have to keep asking this company to do the right thing when thats the right thing when you owe someone money you send him a check for the amount that you owe them. If I dont get the money, then I will file a claim, Then I will ask for fees for that I have to spend money for, That means they will pay for the claim, My time, Interest fees, And I will ask for other damages if this is not rectified. In a small claims court I can do this Because this company is not following the rules and regulations of banking policy and procedures. I also also expect the account XXXX to be put on a payment plan of {$80.00} a month, I am offering more than I couldve paid before and this is what Im asking for. I want it on a payment plan for the duration of the account so that I can pay it off. Capital One did not stand transparent, on what actually took place. You can not deny a XXXXXXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and or family member, Programs they have rights and access to. The responsible thing is to allow me to pay the account off at an amount that I am able to pay off, Otherwise, I will take this matter to small claims as well. I will file paperwork. I will bring this attention to the judge. This has been going on for over a year. I am trying to do the right thing however this bank thinks that it can avoid policies, procedures and laws set up by the banking industry, And there are rights that XXXXXXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX have that these banking industries can not deny it is illegal."
}

Chunk:
xxxx complaint with capital one bank for illegal fees and interest. they responded to the complaint and they have credited the accounts for the fees, however, these are closed accounts and are never going to be reopened and the money needs to be sent to me in a check form from capital one bank so i have access to that money. that is my money that they charged to my accounts illegally. they did this on two of my accounts, account ending in xxxx, account ending in xxxx. i would like a check in the amount owed ; { $ 18. 00 } sent to my address, xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx. a check shouldve been sent to my residence regarding these fees, the accounts were already closed, in the right thing to do here wouldve been to mail me a check for that amount so i dont have to keep asking this company to do the right thing when thats the right thing when you owe someone money you send him a check for the amount that you owe them. if i dont get the money, then i will file a claim, then i will ask for fees for that i have to spend money for, that means they will pay for the claim, my time, interest fees, and i will ask for other damages if this is not rectified. in a small claims court i can do this because this company is not following the rules and regulations of banking policy and procedures. i also also expect the account xxxx to be put on a payment plan of { $ 80. 00 } a month, i am offering more than i couldve paid before and this is what im asking for. i want it on a payment plan for the duration of the account so that i can pay it off. capital one did not stand transparent, on what actually took place. you can not deny a xxxxxxxx xxxx and xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx and or family member, programs they have rights and access to. the responsible thing is to allow me to pay the account off at an amount that i am able to pay off, otherwise, i will take this matter to small claims as well. i will file paperwork. i will bring this attention to the judge. this has been going on for over a year. i am trying to do the right thing however this bank thinks that it can avoid policies, procedures and laws set up by the banking industry, and there are rights that xxxxxxxx xxxx and

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988225102424622
}
