Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9200721,
  "complaint_id": "9200721",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I hope this letter finds you well. I am writing to bring to your attention a concerning issue regarding my recent billing statement with Capital One. Upon reviewing my account, I have identified charges that I believe to be a result of security fraud. \n\nTitle 15 USC 1666 ( Billing error ), section D ( Treatment of a Credit balance ) states : 1666d. Treatment of credit balances Whenever a credit balance in excess of {$1.00} is created in connection with a consumer credit transaction through ( 1 ) transmittal of funds to a creditor in excess of the total balance due on an account, ( 2 ) rebates of unearned finance charges or insurance premiums, or ( 3 ) amounts otherwise owed to or held for the benefit of an obligor, the creditor shall- ( A ) credit the amount of the credit balance to the consumer 's account ; ( B ) refund any part of the amount of the remaining credit balance, upon request of the consumer ; and ( C ) make a good faith effort to refund to the consumer by cash, check, or money order any part of the amount of the credit balance remaining in the account for more than six months, except that no further action is required in any case in which the consumer 's current location is not known by the creditor and can not be traced through the consumer 's last known address or telephone number. \n\nMy account has not been, nor has ever been, credited for the certificate of indebtedness. Capital One has also never credit my account for the dividend payment that was made off of my treasury coupon, via the Electronic Funds Transfers Act of the interest from my treasury coupon.\n\nl issued a tender of payment, via the certificate of indebtedness, via the dividend coupon that was attached to it. Per UCC 3-603 ( Tender of Payment ) my payment was refused, and UCC 3-604 ( Discharge by Cancellation or Renunciation ) I was informed by a Capital One agent that my payment was de\nstroyed, the debt is discharged. \n\nMy account has not been, nor has ever been, credited for the certificate of indebtedness. Capital One has also never credit my account for the dividend payment that was made off of my treasury coupon, via the Electronic Funds Transfers Act of the interest from my treasury coupon.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "061XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CT",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "I hope this letter finds you well. I am writing to bring to your attention a concerning issue regarding my recent billing statement with Capital One. Upon reviewing my account, I have identified charges that I believe to be a result of security fraud. \n\nTitle 15 USC 1666 ( Billing error ), section D ( Treatment of a Credit balance ) states : 1666d. Treatment of credit balances Whenever a credit balance in excess of {$1.00} is created in connection with a consumer credit transaction through ( 1 ) transmittal of funds to a creditor in excess of the total balance due on an account, ( 2 ) rebates of unearned finance charges or insurance premiums, or ( 3 ) amounts otherwise owed to or held for the benefit of an obligor, the creditor shall- ( A ) credit the amount of the credit balance to the consumer 's account ; ( B ) refund any part of the amount of the remaining credit balance, upon request of the consumer ; and ( C ) make a good faith effort to refund to the consumer by cash, check, or money order any part of the amount of the credit balance remaining in the account for more than six months, except that no further action is required in any case in which the consumer 's current location is not known by the creditor and can not be traced through the consumer 's last known address or telephone number. \n\nMy account has not been, nor has ever been, credited for the certificate of indebtedness. Capital One has also never credit my account for the dividend payment that was made off of my treasury coupon, via the Electronic Funds Transfers Act of the interest from my treasury coupon.\n\nl issued a tender of payment, via the certificate of indebtedness, via the dividend coupon that was attached to it. Per UCC 3-603 ( Tender of Payment ) my payment was refused, and UCC 3-604 ( Discharge by Cancellation or Renunciation ) I was informed by a Capital One agent that my payment was de\nstroyed, the debt is discharged. \n\nMy account has not been, nor has ever been, credited for the certificate of indebtedness. Capital One has also never credit my account for the dividend payment that was made off of my treasury coupon, via the Electronic Funds Transfers Act of the interest from my treasury coupon."
}

Chunk:
i hope this letter finds you well. i am writing to bring to your attention a concerning issue regarding my recent billing statement with capital one. upon reviewing my account, i have identified charges that i believe to be a result of security fraud. title 15 usc 1666 ( billing error ), section d ( treatment of a credit balance ) states : 1666d. treatment of credit balances whenever a credit balance in excess of { $ 1. 00 } is created in connection with a consumer credit transaction through ( 1 ) transmittal of funds to a creditor in excess of the total balance due on an account, ( 2 ) rebates of unearned finance charges or insurance premiums, or ( 3 ) amounts otherwise owed to or held for the benefit of an obligor, the creditor shall - ( a ) credit the amount of the credit balance to the consumer's account ; ( b ) refund any part of the amount of the remaining credit balance, upon request of the consumer ; and ( c ) make a good faith effort to refund to the consumer by cash, check, or money order any part of the amount of the credit balance remaining in the account for more than six months, except that no further action is required in any case in which the consumer's current location is not known by the creditor and can not be traced through the consumer's last known address or telephone number. my account has not been, nor has ever been, credited for the certificate of indebtedness. capital one has also never credit my account for the dividend payment that was made off of my treasury coupon, via the electronic funds transfers act of the interest from my treasury coupon. l issued a tender of payment, via the certificate of indebtedness, via the dividend coupon that was attached to it. per ucc 3 - 603 ( tender of payment ) my payment was refused, and ucc 3 - 604 ( discharge by cancellation or renunciation ) i was informed by a capital one agent that my payment was de stroyed, the debt is discharged. my account has not been, nor has ever been, credited for the certificate of indebtedness. capital one has also never credit my account for the dividend payment that was made off of my treasury coupon, via the electronic funds transfers act of the interest from my treasury coupon.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9978829026222229
}
