Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9227163,
  "complaint_id": "9227163",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I was racially discriminated against by Chase Bank. A friend of mine recommended the Bank to me Who is XXXX he told me that he got a credit card opened up in XXXX direct deposit credit score was bad. He received the credit card I a month later applied at Chase bank opened up an XXXX direct deposit apply for a credit card with a XXXX credit Credit score the XXXX woman who assist me so I should have no problem getting the credit card. I also spoke to a supervisor who said I dont see anything wrong that she wouldnt get a credit card. Perhaps you should apply for a less credit card, which I did and was still rejected for no reason but vague this is nothing more than discrimination against XXXX  Denying us. Credit is denying me my rights as an XXXX. I have filed a formal complaint with Chase Bank. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX And Im following the complaint with you, Chase. Bank seems to have a history of racism as Ive done research to find. \nXXXX player XXXX XXXX discusses his allegation of facing racism at JPMorgan Chase. \nChase Bank is accused of refusing to cash a doctors check because she was a XXXX woman. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX reports on how lawmakers are working to address the issue as it garners massive social media attention under the hashtag \" XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX. '' Subscribe to XXXX XXXX : Colorado woman is suing JPMorgan Chase, claiming XXXX discrimination at an XXXX branch. She shared her side of the story with XXXX 's XXXX XXXX. \n\nETC I am also in this line of discrimination by living in a country that is so unequally yoked that I have to go to the same people that XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "900XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Application denied",
  "text": "I was racially discriminated against by Chase Bank. A friend of mine recommended the Bank to me Who is XXXX he told me that he got a credit card opened up in XXXX direct deposit credit score was bad. He received the credit card I a month later applied at Chase bank opened up an XXXX direct deposit apply for a credit card with a XXXX credit Credit score the XXXX woman who assist me so I should have no problem getting the credit card. I also spoke to a supervisor who said I dont see anything wrong that she wouldnt get a credit card. Perhaps you should apply for a less credit card, which I did and was still rejected for no reason but vague this is nothing more than discrimination against XXXX  Denying us. Credit is denying me my rights as an XXXX. I have filed a formal complaint with Chase Bank. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX And Im following the complaint with you, Chase. Bank seems to have a history of racism as Ive done research to find. \nXXXX player XXXX XXXX discusses his allegation of facing racism at JPMorgan Chase. \nChase Bank is accused of refusing to cash a doctors check because she was a XXXX woman. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX reports on how lawmakers are working to address the issue as it garners massive social media attention under the hashtag \" XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX. '' Subscribe to XXXX XXXX : Colorado woman is suing JPMorgan Chase, claiming XXXX discrimination at an XXXX branch. She shared her side of the story with XXXX 's XXXX XXXX. \n\nETC I am also in this line of discrimination by living in a country that is so unequally yoked that I have to go to the same people that XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
i was racially discriminated against by chase bank. a friend of mine recommended the bank to me who is xxxx he told me that he got a credit card opened up in xxxx direct deposit credit score was bad. he received the credit card i a month later applied at chase bank opened up an xxxx direct deposit apply for a credit card with a xxxx credit credit score the xxxx woman who assist me so i should have no problem getting the credit card. i also spoke to a supervisor who said i dont see anything wrong that she wouldnt get a credit card. perhaps you should apply for a less credit card, which i did and was still rejected for no reason but vague this is nothing more than discrimination against xxxx denying us. credit is denying me my rights as an xxxx. i have filed a formal complaint with chase bank. xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx and im following the complaint with you, chase. bank seems to have a history of racism as ive done research to find. xxxx player xxxx xxxx discusses his allegation of facing racism at jpmorgan chase. chase bank is accused of refusing to cash a doctors check because she was a xxxx woman. xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx reports on how lawmakers are working to address the issue as it garners massive social media attention under the hashtag " xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx.'' subscribe to xxxx xxxx : colorado woman is suing jpmorgan chase, claiming xxxx discrimination at an xxxx branch. she shared her side of the story with xxxx's xxxx xxxx. etc i am also in this line of discrimination by living in a country that is so unequally yoked that i have to go to the same people that xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9979896545410156
}
