Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9232847,
  "complaint_id": "9232847",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX a victim ofidentity thett and have enclosed a copy of my police report/identity theft report, a copy of my drivers license and social security card as proofo fmy identity, plus proofo fmy current address. I am writing to request that you place an immediate block on the following fraudulent information in my credit file within 4 days upon receipt of this correspondence. \nh a v e recently obtained a copy o fm y credit file and the information does not relate to any transactions that I have made ; therefore, am requesting that these accounts be completely removed and blocked from my credit file. This is not a regular dispute I have filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission to document being a victim of identity theft. \nPlease block this fraudulent information per sections 605B, 615 ( f ) and 623 ( a ) ( 6 ) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act. I am requesting that the following fraudulent accounts be deleted and blocked from my credit file : 1. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account XXXX Pleaseremove inaccurate reported late payments update to paid as agreed XXXX. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number:17**** PLEASE REMOVE OR I WILL CONTACT FCRA. Furthermore, I am allowed under the HIPAA law ( Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of1996 ) to protect my privacy and medical records from third parties. I do not recall giving permission to [ name ofprovider ] for them to relcase my medical information to a third party. I understand that theHIPAA doesallow for limited information about mebut any details may only be revealed with the patients authorization, therefore my request is twofold and as follows : Validation of Debt and HIPAA authorization- Please provide abreakdown of fees including any and all collection costs and medical charges- Please provide a copy ofmy signature with the provider ofservice to release my medical information to you - Immediately cease any credit bureau reporting until debt has been validated by me. -- -- -- 'I am unaware of this collection, please validate or remove this account. \n- Why are you not reporting t XXXX. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account XXXX My parent has the same name as me. \n4. Validate Account XXXX XXXX Account NumberXXXX Please ensuret h a t all information is accurate 5. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account NumberXXXX Please removed from my public record 6. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account NumberXXXX PLEASE REMOVE OR I WILL CONTACT FCRA. Furthermore, I am allowed under the HIPAA law ( Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ) to protect my privacy and medical records from third parties. I do not recall giving permission to [ name ofprovider ] for them to release my medical information to a third party. I understand that the HIPAA does allow for limited information about me but any details may only be revealed with the patients authorization, therefore my request is twofold and as follows : Validation of Debt and HIPAA authorization - Please provide a breakdown of fees including any and all collection costs and medical charges- Please provide a copy ofm y signature with the provider of service to release my medical information toyou - Immediately cease any credit bureau reporting until debt has been validated by me. -- -- -- I ' am unawarc ofthis collection, please validate or remove this account. -- -- - Why are you not reportingt 7.Validate Account XXXX XXXX Account Number : 8. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : Please remove inaccurate reported late payments update to paid asagreed 9. Validate Account XXXX Account Number : Please Update all payment, all pay was made on time.\n\nTO. validateAccount XXXX XXXX XXXX  Account Number : Please verify and validate all data for this unproven claim including the requisite certifiable XXXX XXXX Compliant Reporting Format Standard ( S ) and processes related. Picase REMOVE or PROVE! Even document all dates and balances, personal identifiers, the 426 characters of the P6 statement and al of its trailing fragments, and any other necessary aspect of factual reporting! \n1. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : have not supplied proof under the doctrine of estoppel by silence XXXX XXXX XXXX ( MO ) XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX my presume that no proof ofthe alleged debt nor therefore any such debt in fact exists 12. Validate Account XXXX XXXX Account Number : Please remove it from my credit report. \n13.Validate Account BankruptcyChapterXXXX Account Number : XXXX Please Update all payment, all pay was made on time. \n14.Validate Account BankruptcyChapterXXXX Account Number : XXXX THIS CONTRACT IS CANCELED",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "30342",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Experian Information Solutions Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "XXXX a victim ofidentity thett and have enclosed a copy of my police report/identity theft report, a copy of my drivers license and social security card as proofo fmy identity, plus proofo fmy current address. I am writing to request that you place an immediate block on the following fraudulent information in my credit file within 4 days upon receipt of this correspondence. \nh a v e recently obtained a copy o fm y credit file and the information does not relate to any transactions that I have made ; therefore, am requesting that these accounts be completely removed and blocked from my credit file. This is not a regular dispute I have filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission to document being a victim of identity theft. \nPlease block this fraudulent information per sections 605B, 615 ( f ) and 623 ( a ) ( 6 ) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act. I am requesting that the following fraudulent accounts be deleted and blocked from my credit file : 1. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account XXXX Pleaseremove inaccurate reported late payments update to paid as agreed XXXX. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number:17**** PLEASE REMOVE OR I WILL CONTACT FCRA. Furthermore, I am allowed under the HIPAA law ( Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of1996 ) to protect my privacy and medical records from third parties. I do not recall giving permission to [ name ofprovider ] for them to relcase my medical information to a third party. I understand that theHIPAA doesallow for limited information about mebut any details may only be revealed with the patients authorization, therefore my request is twofold and as follows : Validation of Debt and HIPAA authorization- Please provide abreakdown of fees including any and all collection costs and medical charges- Please provide a copy ofmy signature with the provider ofservice to release my medical information to you - Immediately cease any credit bureau reporting until debt has been validated by me. -- -- -- 'I am unaware of this collection, please validate or remove this account. \n- Why are you not reporting t XXXX. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account XXXX My parent has the same name as me. \n4. Validate Account XXXX XXXX Account NumberXXXX Please ensuret h a t all information is accurate 5. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account NumberXXXX Please removed from my public record 6. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account NumberXXXX PLEASE REMOVE OR I WILL CONTACT FCRA. Furthermore, I am allowed under the HIPAA law ( Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ) to protect my privacy and medical records from third parties. I do not recall giving permission to [ name ofprovider ] for them to release my medical information to a third party. I understand that the HIPAA does allow for limited information about me but any details may only be revealed with the patients authorization, therefore my request is twofold and as follows : Validation of Debt and HIPAA authorization - Please provide a breakdown of fees including any and all collection costs and medical charges- Please provide a copy ofm y signature with the provider of service to release my medical information toyou - Immediately cease any credit bureau reporting until debt has been validated by me. -- -- -- I ' am unawarc ofthis collection, please validate or remove this account. -- -- - Why are you not reportingt 7.Validate Account XXXX XXXX Account Number : 8. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : Please remove inaccurate reported late payments update to paid asagreed 9. Validate Account XXXX Account Number : Please Update all payment, all pay was made on time.\n\nTO. validateAccount XXXX XXXX XXXX  Account Number : Please verify and validate all data for this unproven claim including the requisite certifiable XXXX XXXX Compliant Reporting Format Standard ( S ) and processes related. Picase REMOVE or PROVE! Even document all dates and balances, personal identifiers, the 426 characters of the P6 statement and al of its trailing fragments, and any other necessary aspect of factual reporting! \n1. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : have not supplied proof under the doctrine of estoppel by silence XXXX XXXX XXXX ( MO ) XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX my presume that no proof ofthe alleged debt nor therefore any such debt in fact exists 12. Validate Account XXXX XXXX Account Number : Please remove it from my credit report. \n13.Validate Account BankruptcyChapterXXXX Account Number : XXXX Please Update all payment, all pay was made on time. \n14.Validate Account BankruptcyChapterXXXX Account Number : XXXX THIS CONTRACT IS CANCELED"
}

Chunk:
. validate account xxxx xxxx xxxx account numberxxxx please remove or i will contact fcra. furthermore, i am allowed under the hipaa law ( health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 ) to protect my privacy and medical records from third parties. i do not recall giving permission to [ name ofprovider ] for them to release my medical information to a third party. i understand that the hipaa does allow for limited information about me but any details may only be revealed with the patients authorization, therefore my request is twofold and as follows : validation of debt and hipaa authorization - please provide a breakdown of fees including any and all collection costs and medical charges - please provide a copy ofm y signature with the provider of service to release my medical information toyou - immediately cease any credit bureau reporting until debt has been validated by me. - - - - - - i'am unawarc ofthis collection, please validate or remove this account. - - - - - why are you not reportingt 7. validate account xxxx xxxx account number : 8. validate account xxxx xxxx xxxx account number : please remove inaccurate reported late payments update to paid asagreed 9. validate account xxxx account number : please update all payment, all pay was made on time. to. validateaccount xxxx xxxx xxxx account number : please verify and validate all data for this unproven claim including the requisite certifiable xxxx xxxx compliant reporting format standard ( s ) and processes related. picase remove or prove! even document all dates and balances, personal identifiers, the 426 characters of the p6 statement and al of its trailing fragments, and any other necessary aspect of factual reporting! 1. validate account xxxx xxxx xxxx account number : have not supplied proof under the doctrine of estoppel by silence xxxx xxxx xxxx ( mo ) xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx my presume that no proof ofthe alleged debt nor therefore any such debt in fact exists 12. validate account xxxx xxxx account number : please remove it from my credit report. 13. validate account bankruptcychapterxxxx account number : xxxx please update all payment, all pay was made on time. 14. validate account bankruptcychapterxxxx account number : xxxx this contract is canceled

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.998836100101471
}
