Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9596652,
  "complaint_id": "9596652",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Submitted a claim with my Wells Fargo credit card against merchant XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX for {$4800.00}. Went through the procedure according to their process and all was well up until XX/XX/XXXX when I responded to WF with additional information to which I was told the claim ( claim # : XXXX ) would be notated and someone would be in contact with me. I never received a call but received documentation in the mail XXXX, dated XX/XX/XXXX, that my claim had been denied because WF could not find where XXXX was in breach of contract based on the documentation XXXX had provided even though the contract XXXX had provided was not the contract I had signed and differed in multiple ways from the contract I had signed and provided to WF when I submitted my claim on XX/XX/XXXX. Since XXXX I have been calling into WF 's claims department to speak with someone to understand why the additional information I provided to them detailing the differences between contracts as well as additional information that supports my claim that XXXX is in fact in breach of contract and provided fraudulent documentation to WF was not reviewed and why I never received a call back to discuss. Each time I have called I have been told that the claim has been notated and I would receive a call back, usually within 10 business days, to which I have not. WF states the claim can not be reopened with Visa because we are past the 30 day window to respond, however my calls on XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX and XXXX were within that 30 day window and had WF contacted me like they said they would then WF would have been able to respond to XXXXXXXX XXXX counterclaim. WF mishandled my claim and their responsibility to call me back which I have been told by several of their own representatives in my attempts to speak with them to resolve the issue. I have a detailed timeline of my attempts to speak with WF, notes of the conversations, and phone records to back up this timeline and proof I never received a call back from WF. Every attempt I have made to get clarification from WF as to why I never received a call back, proof they tried to contact me to discuss the questions I have, and if my claim was handled properly has resulted in the same outcome-I am told it is not their responsibility to give me a call back to discuss questions I have and their mail correspondence answered my questions ( it did not, hence why I continued to call in ), they will not verify whether or not I received a call from them prior to XX/XX/XXXX when I escalated my claim to WF 's Executive Office , nor will they confirm my claim was handled properly and all information provided to them reviewed. I firmly believe that WF mishandled my claim and have continued to \" bully '' me in an attempt for me to give up and let the situation go.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "28278",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-07-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Submitted a claim with my Wells Fargo credit card against merchant XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX for {$4800.00}. Went through the procedure according to their process and all was well up until XX/XX/XXXX when I responded to WF with additional information to which I was told the claim ( claim # : XXXX ) would be notated and someone would be in contact with me. I never received a call but received documentation in the mail XXXX, dated XX/XX/XXXX, that my claim had been denied because WF could not find where XXXX was in breach of contract based on the documentation XXXX had provided even though the contract XXXX had provided was not the contract I had signed and differed in multiple ways from the contract I had signed and provided to WF when I submitted my claim on XX/XX/XXXX. Since XXXX I have been calling into WF 's claims department to speak with someone to understand why the additional information I provided to them detailing the differences between contracts as well as additional information that supports my claim that XXXX is in fact in breach of contract and provided fraudulent documentation to WF was not reviewed and why I never received a call back to discuss. Each time I have called I have been told that the claim has been notated and I would receive a call back, usually within 10 business days, to which I have not. WF states the claim can not be reopened with Visa because we are past the 30 day window to respond, however my calls on XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX and XXXX were within that 30 day window and had WF contacted me like they said they would then WF would have been able to respond to XXXXXXXX XXXX counterclaim. WF mishandled my claim and their responsibility to call me back which I have been told by several of their own representatives in my attempts to speak with them to resolve the issue. I have a detailed timeline of my attempts to speak with WF, notes of the conversations, and phone records to back up this timeline and proof I never received a call back from WF. Every attempt I have made to get clarification from WF as to why I never received a call back, proof they tried to contact me to discuss the questions I have, and if my claim was handled properly has resulted in the same outcome-I am told it is not their responsibility to give me a call back to discuss questions I have and their mail correspondence answered my questions ( it did not, hence why I continued to call in ), they will not verify whether or not I received a call from them prior to XX/XX/XXXX when I escalated my claim to WF 's Executive Office , nor will they confirm my claim was handled properly and all information provided to them reviewed. I firmly believe that WF mishandled my claim and have continued to \" bully '' me in an attempt for me to give up and let the situation go."
}

Chunk:
submitted a claim with my wells fargo credit card against merchant xxxx xxxx xxxx on xx / xx / xxxx for { $ 4800. 00 }. went through the procedure according to their process and all was well up until xx / xx / xxxx when i responded to wf with additional information to which i was told the claim ( claim # : xxxx ) would be notated and someone would be in contact with me. i never received a call but received documentation in the mail xxxx, dated xx / xx / xxxx, that my claim had been denied because wf could not find where xxxx was in breach of contract based on the documentation xxxx had provided even though the contract xxxx had provided was not the contract i had signed and differed in multiple ways from the contract i had signed and provided to wf when i submitted my claim on xx / xx / xxxx. since xxxx i have been calling into wf's claims department to speak with someone to understand why the additional information i provided to them detailing the differences between contracts as well as additional information that supports my claim that xxxx is in fact in breach of contract and provided fraudulent documentation to wf was not reviewed and why i never received a call back to discuss. each time i have called i have been told that the claim has been notated and i would receive a call back, usually within 10 business days, to which i have not. wf states the claim can not be reopened with visa because we are past the 30 day window to respond, however my calls on xx / xx / xxxx, xxxx and xxxx were within that 30 day window and had wf contacted me like they said they would then wf would have been able to respond to xxxxxxxx xxxx counterclaim. wf mishandled my claim and their responsibility to call me back which i have been told by several of their own representatives in my attempts to speak with them to resolve the issue. i have a detailed timeline of my attempts to speak with wf, notes of the conversations, and phone records to back up this timeline and proof i never received a call back from wf. every attempt i have made to get clarification from wf as to why i never received a call back, proof they tried to contact me to discuss the questions i have, and if my claim was handled properly has resulted in the same outcome - i am told it is not their responsibility to give me a call back to discuss questions i have

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9985266923904419
}
