Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9509794,
  "complaint_id": "9509794",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I purchase a tv in XXXX. The night before going to the store, I activated a XXXX  % rewards back that was sent to me as a credit card holder ( photo attached ). I wanted to be sure that was on there for future purchases ( aka a laptop and tv I had been eyeing ). The next day I go to the store, a rep helps me with getting my tv and is talking to me trying to upsell me on other things even as we get to the cash register its so distracting that I accidentally select the wrong radio button and choose XXXX  month financing instead I tell him we need to cancel and do over and he says dont worry I can call Best Buy card services on the back of the card to have them switch it to the XXXX % rewards. He loads my tv and I leave. This was on a Sunday. Credit card services office was closed so I called Monday and they told me they could not do what the rep said and I will have to go back to the XXXX XXXX in XXXX. So I go back to the store and talk the the manager XXXX, who is now the general manager and tell him what happen on the previous Sunday with the rep, show my receipt, the screenshot of me activating the XXXX  % rewards offer, and he says he cant switch it, he did not offer a gift card for the XXXX  % on the previous purchase. He simple stated he didnt know why credit card services sent there but he stated he would give me 10 % off my next purchase. I was like how do I know youll be hear and how do I know you wont follow through on your promise. He told he wasnt that type of guy- he was not like that. I told him great because I had been eyeing an XXXX laptop and needed a new refrigerator. I showed him the laptop. He started talking to me about the membership plan and no point did he say when I came back he would not be able to discount my purchase if XXXX was included. Fast forward, I show up today XXXX and one he is not at the store and when I asked can he contact me because he made the promise to me and Best Buy has promotions that are ending today- he refused to call saying he is spending time with his family. Like I understand but this is a one case and the other manager on duty didnt know what was going on and was unhelpful and borderline argumentative. It was such a bad customer experience and managers should be held to a higher standard and just know better and follow through when they say they will do something.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "77077",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "I purchase a tv in XXXX. The night before going to the store, I activated a XXXX  % rewards back that was sent to me as a credit card holder ( photo attached ). I wanted to be sure that was on there for future purchases ( aka a laptop and tv I had been eyeing ). The next day I go to the store, a rep helps me with getting my tv and is talking to me trying to upsell me on other things even as we get to the cash register its so distracting that I accidentally select the wrong radio button and choose XXXX  month financing instead I tell him we need to cancel and do over and he says dont worry I can call Best Buy card services on the back of the card to have them switch it to the XXXX % rewards. He loads my tv and I leave. This was on a Sunday. Credit card services office was closed so I called Monday and they told me they could not do what the rep said and I will have to go back to the XXXX XXXX in XXXX. So I go back to the store and talk the the manager XXXX, who is now the general manager and tell him what happen on the previous Sunday with the rep, show my receipt, the screenshot of me activating the XXXX  % rewards offer, and he says he cant switch it, he did not offer a gift card for the XXXX  % on the previous purchase. He simple stated he didnt know why credit card services sent there but he stated he would give me 10 % off my next purchase. I was like how do I know youll be hear and how do I know you wont follow through on your promise. He told he wasnt that type of guy- he was not like that. I told him great because I had been eyeing an XXXX laptop and needed a new refrigerator. I showed him the laptop. He started talking to me about the membership plan and no point did he say when I came back he would not be able to discount my purchase if XXXX was included. Fast forward, I show up today XXXX and one he is not at the store and when I asked can he contact me because he made the promise to me and Best Buy has promotions that are ending today- he refused to call saying he is spending time with his family. Like I understand but this is a one case and the other manager on duty didnt know what was going on and was unhelpful and borderline argumentative. It was such a bad customer experience and managers should be held to a higher standard and just know better and follow through when they say they will do something."
}

Chunk:
i purchase a tv in xxxx. the night before going to the store, i activated a xxxx % rewards back that was sent to me as a credit card holder ( photo attached ). i wanted to be sure that was on there for future purchases ( aka a laptop and tv i had been eyeing ). the next day i go to the store, a rep helps me with getting my tv and is talking to me trying to upsell me on other things even as we get to the cash register its so distracting that i accidentally select the wrong radio button and choose xxxx month financing instead i tell him we need to cancel and do over and he says dont worry i can call best buy card services on the back of the card to have them switch it to the xxxx % rewards. he loads my tv and i leave. this was on a sunday. credit card services office was closed so i called monday and they told me they could not do what the rep said and i will have to go back to the xxxx xxxx in xxxx. so i go back to the store and talk the the manager xxxx, who is now the general manager and tell him what happen on the previous sunday with the rep, show my receipt, the screenshot of me activating the xxxx % rewards offer, and he says he cant switch it, he did not offer a gift card for the xxxx % on the previous purchase. he simple stated he didnt know why credit card services sent there but he stated he would give me 10 % off my next purchase. i was like how do i know youll be hear and how do i know you wont follow through on your promise. he told he wasnt that type of guy - he was not like that. i told him great because i had been eyeing an xxxx laptop and needed a new refrigerator. i showed him the laptop. he started talking to me about the membership plan and no point did he say when i came back he would not be able to discount my purchase if xxxx was included. fast forward, i show up today xxxx and one he is not at the store and when i asked can he contact me because he made the promise to me and best buy has promotions that are ending today - he refused to call saying he is spending time with his family. like i understand but this is a one case and the other manager on duty didnt know what was going on and was unhelpful and borderline argumentative. it was such a

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9984079003334045
}
