Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9203190,
  "complaint_id": "9203190",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Made a medical purchase with a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  Sychrony Bank  ) XX/XX/year>. Attempted to pay online a month later, card was not accepted. Called customer service and the customer service rep told me payment was accepted and payment would complete the next day. A month later I was sent notice that payment didn't go through so I attempted to pay through customer service once again and again was told payment was accepted and would complete the next day. Another month transpired and at this point after talking to customer service I was told that XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  debit cards were not accepted. At no point during the XXXX  XXXX months was I told that I could not use an XXXX card. There was no mention of that limitation on the website and XXXX different customer service reps did not inform me of this. I was then told checks were acceptable so I sent a check and it was not cashed as another month transpired. After all that the {$120.00} balance that I attempted to pay has escalated to {$300.00}. Called customer service several times to attempt to pay my original balance as I told them I should not have to be responsible for additional interest and fees for their mistake of not informing me XXXX cards were not accepted and telling me that my payment was accepted twice and they never cashed the check I sent. Customer service refused to eliminate the additional fees and interest and instead they told me they would escalate and investigate and it takes a month. After another month passed by I called and was told that they would open another investigation and they totally disregarded that I supposedly already had an open investigation. They told me it would take another month all while they continued to add fees, interest and reported negatively on my credit. I owe {$120.00}. I've been trying to pay that amount for XXXX months but they are trying to force me to pay late fees and additional interest for their mistakes and delays. All my calls were recorded and they have notes but they refuse to acknowledge their mistake.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "30013",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "Made a medical purchase with a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  Sychrony Bank  ) XX/XX/year>. Attempted to pay online a month later, card was not accepted. Called customer service and the customer service rep told me payment was accepted and payment would complete the next day. A month later I was sent notice that payment didn't go through so I attempted to pay through customer service once again and again was told payment was accepted and would complete the next day. Another month transpired and at this point after talking to customer service I was told that XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  debit cards were not accepted. At no point during the XXXX  XXXX months was I told that I could not use an XXXX card. There was no mention of that limitation on the website and XXXX different customer service reps did not inform me of this. I was then told checks were acceptable so I sent a check and it was not cashed as another month transpired. After all that the {$120.00} balance that I attempted to pay has escalated to {$300.00}. Called customer service several times to attempt to pay my original balance as I told them I should not have to be responsible for additional interest and fees for their mistake of not informing me XXXX cards were not accepted and telling me that my payment was accepted twice and they never cashed the check I sent. Customer service refused to eliminate the additional fees and interest and instead they told me they would escalate and investigate and it takes a month. After another month passed by I called and was told that they would open another investigation and they totally disregarded that I supposedly already had an open investigation. They told me it would take another month all while they continued to add fees, interest and reported negatively on my credit. I owe {$120.00}. I've been trying to pay that amount for XXXX months but they are trying to force me to pay late fees and additional interest for their mistakes and delays. All my calls were recorded and they have notes but they refuse to acknowledge their mistake."
}

Chunk:
made a medical purchase with a xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx sychrony bank ) xx / xx / year >. attempted to pay online a month later, card was not accepted. called customer service and the customer service rep told me payment was accepted and payment would complete the next day. a month later i was sent notice that payment didn't go through so i attempted to pay through customer service once again and again was told payment was accepted and would complete the next day. another month transpired and at this point after talking to customer service i was told that xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx debit cards were not accepted. at no point during the xxxx xxxx months was i told that i could not use an xxxx card. there was no mention of that limitation on the website and xxxx different customer service reps did not inform me of this. i was then told checks were acceptable so i sent a check and it was not cashed as another month transpired. after all that the { $ 120. 00 } balance that i attempted to pay has escalated to { $ 300. 00 }. called customer service several times to attempt to pay my original balance as i told them i should not have to be responsible for additional interest and fees for their mistake of not informing me xxxx cards were not accepted and telling me that my payment was accepted twice and they never cashed the check i sent. customer service refused to eliminate the additional fees and interest and instead they told me they would escalate and investigate and it takes a month. after another month passed by i called and was told that they would open another investigation and they totally disregarded that i supposedly already had an open investigation. they told me it would take another month all while they continued to add fees, interest and reported negatively on my credit. i owe { $ 120. 00 }. i've been trying to pay that amount for xxxx months but they are trying to force me to pay late fees and additional interest for their mistakes and delays. all my calls were recorded and they have notes but they refuse to acknowledge their mistake.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991112351417542
}
