Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9117261,
  "complaint_id": "9117261",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I sent a complaint to the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX. I was given instructions to contact the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau about the same complaint in refer to my New XXXX credit card account. I am unable to call them because on the caller ID the phone number shows Scam. I lost the new card and my bill is due soon. When I attempt to sign in by internet it shows I'm logged in then ask me to log in again to my account to view credi card payment information. Each attempt I am not given access to log in. My problem is the caller ID shows a suspicion of fraud and I am unable to contact XXXX about the lost credit card.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Struggling to pay your bill",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "46218",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't work with you while you're going through financial hardship",
  "text": "I sent a complaint to the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX. I was given instructions to contact the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau about the same complaint in refer to my New XXXX credit card account. I am unable to call them because on the caller ID the phone number shows Scam. I lost the new card and my bill is due soon. When I attempt to sign in by internet it shows I'm logged in then ask me to log in again to my account to view credi card payment information. Each attempt I am not given access to log in. My problem is the caller ID shows a suspicion of fraud and I am unable to contact XXXX about the lost credit card."
}

Chunk:
i sent a complaint to the xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx. i was given instructions to contact the consumer financial protection bureau about the same complaint in refer to my new xxxx credit card account. i am unable to call them because on the caller id the phone number shows scam. i lost the new card and my bill is due soon. when i attempt to sign in by internet it shows i'm logged in then ask me to log in again to my account to view credi card payment information. each attempt i am not given access to log in. my problem is the caller id shows a suspicion of fraud and i am unable to contact xxxx about the lost credit card.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996265172958374
}
