Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9043598,
  "complaint_id": "9043598",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Today I received an emailed letter stating that Syncrony Bank  had closed my Sam 's Club credit account. Two years ago they reduced my available credit to {$100.00} because my credit score had dropped. My credit score has since risen considerably and I pay off any outstanding balance in full every month, This card had a zero balance on it. After calling them, I received the excuse that my credit score had changed. After talking to them, I found that my score was higher than it was last year. There was absolutely no reason to close the account. \nThe customer service agent was very rude and told me that my only option was to reapply for a new account, but then told me that it would probably get denied. I told her that It was stupid to tell someone to reapply if they are knowingly going to get denied and then also have an inquiry posted to their credit report, which will impact their score. I was told that they will not reinstate my account",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "17331",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "Today I received an emailed letter stating that Syncrony Bank  had closed my Sam 's Club credit account. Two years ago they reduced my available credit to {$100.00} because my credit score had dropped. My credit score has since risen considerably and I pay off any outstanding balance in full every month, This card had a zero balance on it. After calling them, I received the excuse that my credit score had changed. After talking to them, I found that my score was higher than it was last year. There was absolutely no reason to close the account. \nThe customer service agent was very rude and told me that my only option was to reapply for a new account, but then told me that it would probably get denied. I told her that It was stupid to tell someone to reapply if they are knowingly going to get denied and then also have an inquiry posted to their credit report, which will impact their score. I was told that they will not reinstate my account"
}

Chunk:
today i received an emailed letter stating that syncrony bank had closed my sam's club credit account. two years ago they reduced my available credit to { $ 100. 00 } because my credit score had dropped. my credit score has since risen considerably and i pay off any outstanding balance in full every month, this card had a zero balance on it. after calling them, i received the excuse that my credit score had changed. after talking to them, i found that my score was higher than it was last year. there was absolutely no reason to close the account. the customer service agent was very rude and told me that my only option was to reapply for a new account, but then told me that it would probably get denied. i told her that it was stupid to tell someone to reapply if they are knowingly going to get denied and then also have an inquiry posted to their credit report, which will impact their score. i was told that they will not reinstate my account

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990285634994507
}
