Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9026080,
  "complaint_id": "9026080",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My over seas trip between XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX was suppose to be charged solely on my capital one card solely as my travel points were to be applied. to this trip additionally they provided free transactions. As in no overseas fees would be charged. \n\nIt was unfortunate that I could not use the card in almost majority of my trip and had roaming on which cost me almost a triple my phone bill since I had to get the otp over the phone verification. I ended up using XXXX XXXX card for the trip who in turn, charged me fees for my entire trip. \nAfter making calls over calls over call during that first 4 weeks and resubmitting my id with fraud department over and over again I ended up giving up and using cash or paying fees with XXXX XXXX. \n\n\n\n2nd complaint with XXXX XXXX was them denying my application for not having an excellent score of XXXX and up. \n\n\nInitially during the application process I was told by their in first week of May that Im pre approved for their for another credit card and that they wont run my credit for it. For the pre authorization. Since I had a balance and need to transfer it to 0 % interest I took their offer and was pre approved for XXXX cards of which saver one showed up. At no point during my call was I told I needed a perfect or excellent score for this card. After applying I uploaded all the documents in XX/XX/XXXX right away with the front and back of my ID card, social security card and document letter which was required. Days later XXXX I received a letter stating upload the sane all XXXX requirements, I called customer service since the application line was not open I told them Ive submitted these online is that okay. She said yes. Then I waited and waited. Instead of 10 days I waited 13 days and called them. They asked again your documents are missing. I sayd no theyre uploaded I have a confirmation. So the next day I get a letter of denying me the card. When asked the supervisor they apologized for not being able to explosion it to me that they need XXXX plus excellent score. \n\nAt no point was this discussed with me prior to running my credit and hitting it with points. \nI spend days waiting on them to contact me while pulling me away from other resources that I couldve researched to keep me from having this interest hit my balance that needs to transferred",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "953XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "My over seas trip between XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX was suppose to be charged solely on my capital one card solely as my travel points were to be applied. to this trip additionally they provided free transactions. As in no overseas fees would be charged. \n\nIt was unfortunate that I could not use the card in almost majority of my trip and had roaming on which cost me almost a triple my phone bill since I had to get the otp over the phone verification. I ended up using XXXX XXXX card for the trip who in turn, charged me fees for my entire trip. \nAfter making calls over calls over call during that first 4 weeks and resubmitting my id with fraud department over and over again I ended up giving up and using cash or paying fees with XXXX XXXX. \n\n\n\n2nd complaint with XXXX XXXX was them denying my application for not having an excellent score of XXXX and up. \n\n\nInitially during the application process I was told by their in first week of May that Im pre approved for their for another credit card and that they wont run my credit for it. For the pre authorization. Since I had a balance and need to transfer it to 0 % interest I took their offer and was pre approved for XXXX cards of which saver one showed up. At no point during my call was I told I needed a perfect or excellent score for this card. After applying I uploaded all the documents in XX/XX/XXXX right away with the front and back of my ID card, social security card and document letter which was required. Days later XXXX I received a letter stating upload the sane all XXXX requirements, I called customer service since the application line was not open I told them Ive submitted these online is that okay. She said yes. Then I waited and waited. Instead of 10 days I waited 13 days and called them. They asked again your documents are missing. I sayd no theyre uploaded I have a confirmation. So the next day I get a letter of denying me the card. When asked the supervisor they apologized for not being able to explosion it to me that they need XXXX plus excellent score. \n\nAt no point was this discussed with me prior to running my credit and hitting it with points. \nI spend days waiting on them to contact me while pulling me away from other resources that I couldve researched to keep me from having this interest hit my balance that needs to transferred"
}

Chunk:
my over seas trip between xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx was suppose to be charged solely on my capital one card solely as my travel points were to be applied. to this trip additionally they provided free transactions. as in no overseas fees would be charged. it was unfortunate that i could not use the card in almost majority of my trip and had roaming on which cost me almost a triple my phone bill since i had to get the otp over the phone verification. i ended up using xxxx xxxx card for the trip who in turn, charged me fees for my entire trip. after making calls over calls over call during that first 4 weeks and resubmitting my id with fraud department over and over again i ended up giving up and using cash or paying fees with xxxx xxxx. 2nd complaint with xxxx xxxx was them denying my application for not having an excellent score of xxxx and up. initially during the application process i was told by their in first week of may that im pre approved for their for another credit card and that they wont run my credit for it. for the pre authorization. since i had a balance and need to transfer it to 0 % interest i took their offer and was pre approved for xxxx cards of which saver one showed up. at no point during my call was i told i needed a perfect or excellent score for this card. after applying i uploaded all the documents in xx / xx / xxxx right away with the front and back of my id card, social security card and document letter which was required. days later xxxx i received a letter stating upload the sane all xxxx requirements, i called customer service since the application line was not open i told them ive submitted these online is that okay. she said yes. then i waited and waited. instead of 10 days i waited 13 days and called them. they asked again your documents are missing. i sayd no theyre uploaded i have a confirmation. so the next day i get a letter of denying me the card. when asked the supervisor they apologized for not being able to explosion it to me that they need xxxx plus excellent score. at no point was this discussed with me prior to running my credit and hitting it with points. i spend days waiting on them to contact me while pulling me away from other resources that i couldve researched to keep me from having this interest hit my balance that needs to transferred

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9986131191253662
}
