Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9085210,
  "complaint_id": "9085210",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "In or around XX/XX/year>, I mailed a certified letter to XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ), XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ), and XXXX ( XXXX ) to dispute the accuracy and completeness of the information furnished by Respondent pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1681i ( a ). \nUpon receiving the re-investigation results I noticed that American Express verified the information. Still, American Express failed to give account-level documentation pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1681s-2 ( b ) ( 1 ). Respondent falsely verified the information but didnt give account-level documentation on the account in general i.e. contract, application, etc., pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1681s-2 ( b ) ( 1 ) failed to conduct a proper re-investiagtion. \nAmerican Express also failed to mark the account as disputed, and is continuing to report incomplete and inaccurate information on my credit reports. \n\nAmerican Express 's credit card agreement has an arbitration provision, and it states that before beginning arbitration or mediation, both parties agree to send a written notice ( a claim notice ) to each party against whom a claim is asserted, in order to provide an opportunity to resolve the claim informally or through mediation. \n\nOn XX/XX/XXXX I mailed a letter to the address stated in The Agreement ( XXXX XXXX XXXX c/o XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX New York XXXX XXXX, however until this day haven't received an acknowledgment of my claim. \n\nI want to act in good faith and give American Express XXXX last opportunity to resolve this claim informally. Attached to this complaint, you will find the Claim Notice, Pre-Arbitration demand and Arbitration complaint that I plan to file with XXXX or XXXX  in the unfortunate event of not settling this claim in the next XXXX  days. \nRespectfully, XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33160",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Their investigation did not fix an error on your report",
  "text": "In or around XX/XX/year>, I mailed a certified letter to XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ), XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ), and XXXX ( XXXX ) to dispute the accuracy and completeness of the information furnished by Respondent pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1681i ( a ). \nUpon receiving the re-investigation results I noticed that American Express verified the information. Still, American Express failed to give account-level documentation pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1681s-2 ( b ) ( 1 ). Respondent falsely verified the information but didnt give account-level documentation on the account in general i.e. contract, application, etc., pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1681s-2 ( b ) ( 1 ) failed to conduct a proper re-investiagtion. \nAmerican Express also failed to mark the account as disputed, and is continuing to report incomplete and inaccurate information on my credit reports. \n\nAmerican Express 's credit card agreement has an arbitration provision, and it states that before beginning arbitration or mediation, both parties agree to send a written notice ( a claim notice ) to each party against whom a claim is asserted, in order to provide an opportunity to resolve the claim informally or through mediation. \n\nOn XX/XX/XXXX I mailed a letter to the address stated in The Agreement ( XXXX XXXX XXXX c/o XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX New York XXXX XXXX, however until this day haven't received an acknowledgment of my claim. \n\nI want to act in good faith and give American Express XXXX last opportunity to resolve this claim informally. Attached to this complaint, you will find the Claim Notice, Pre-Arbitration demand and Arbitration complaint that I plan to file with XXXX or XXXX  in the unfortunate event of not settling this claim in the next XXXX  days. \nRespectfully, XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
in or around xx / xx / year >, i mailed a certified letter to xxxx xxxx xxxx ( xxxx ), xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx ( xxxx ), and xxxx ( xxxx ) to dispute the accuracy and completeness of the information furnished by respondent pursuant to 15 u. s. c. 1681i ( a ). upon receiving the re - investigation results i noticed that american express verified the information. still, american express failed to give account - level documentation pursuant to 15 u. s. c. 1681s - 2 ( b ) ( 1 ). respondent falsely verified the information but didnt give account - level documentation on the account in general i. e. contract, application, etc., pursuant to 15 u. s. c. 1681s - 2 ( b ) ( 1 ) failed to conduct a proper re - investiagtion. american express also failed to mark the account as disputed, and is continuing to report incomplete and inaccurate information on my credit reports. american express's credit card agreement has an arbitration provision, and it states that before beginning arbitration or mediation, both parties agree to send a written notice ( a claim notice ) to each party against whom a claim is asserted, in order to provide an opportunity to resolve the claim informally or through mediation. on xx / xx / xxxx i mailed a letter to the address stated in the agreement ( xxxx xxxx xxxx c / o xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx new york xxxx xxxx, however until this day haven't received an acknowledgment of my claim. i want to act in good faith and give american express xxxx last opportunity to resolve this claim informally. attached to this complaint, you will find the claim notice, pre - arbitration demand and arbitration complaint that i plan to file with xxxx or xxxx in the unfortunate event of not settling this claim in the next xxxx days. respectfully, xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991971850395203
}
