Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9037613,
  "complaint_id": "9037613",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Synchrony Bank continues to harass me about paying for debts that they have CHARGED OFF and Closed. \nVenmoXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX PayPal : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Care Credit : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX According to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a charge-off is considered a certificate of indebtedness, and income from a charge-off must be removed. '' On XX/XX/XXXX I submitted a request to XXXX XXXX XXXX, VP, Synchrony Card Issuance Trust, regarding my four accounts with Synchrony bank. XXXX XXXX did not answer my correspondence. That package included three remittance slips, ( also referred to as registered securities ) which were submitted as a form of payment for my accounts. A duplicate letter and correctly endorsed and stamped remittance slips were forwarded to XXXX XXXX XXXX, CFO of XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX ignored my letter as well. Both Executives refused to answer my request to discharge these debts, however, none of the remittance slips were returned to me. What happened to the registered securities I submitted? My debts were to be discharged due to the failure to accept my payment. To date, there has been no return of my form of payment which was denied.\n\nSynchrony Bank continues call ( 21 ), text ( 9 ), and email ( 15 ) me regarding payment. I have over TWENTY ONE Voice messages. \nAccording to the Fair Debt Collection Act and CFPB \" The Fair Debt Collection Practices Act makes it illegal for debt collectors to harass or threaten you when trying to collect on a debt. In addition, on XX/XX/XXXX, the CFPBs new Debt Collection Rule became effective. This rule clarifies how debt collectors can communicate with you ... '' Synchrony Bank continues to contaminate my credit reports with their false and misleading debt reporting, which is causing me stress, humiliation and the inability to obtain credit. As in my first complaint against Synchrony bank, I stated my applications were securitized and that the company were robbing me of my proceeds. \nAL State Code ; Title 7 and UCC 7-3-603 : Alabama Code Title 7. Commercial Code 7-3-603 ( a ) If tender of payment of an amount due on an instrument is made to a person entitled to enforce the instrument, the effect of tender is governed by principles of law applicable to tender of payment under a simple contract and by subsections ( b ), ( c ) and ( d ). \n\n( b ) If tender of payment of an amount due on an instrument is made to a person entitled to enforce the instrument and the tender is refused, there is discharge, to the extent of the amount of the tender, of the obligation of an indorser or accommodation party having a right of recourse with respect to the obligation to which the tender relates. \n\n( c ) If tender of payment of an amount due on an instrument is made to a person entitled to enforce the instrument, the obligation of the obligor to pay interest after the due date on the amount tendered is discharged. If presentment is required with respect to an instrument and the obligor is able and ready to pay on the due date at every place of payment stated in the instrument, the obligor is deemed to have made tender of payment on the due date to the person entitled to enforce the instrument.\n\n( d ) Acceptance of partial payment by a person entitled to enforce an instrument does not prejudice such person 's rights or remedies with respect to the remaining amount due on the instrument or otherwise. \nSynchrony Banks needs to discharge these false charges, stop reporting to the credit agencies I owe them, and stop harassing me. I am entitled to monetary compensation for every infringement placed upon me by Synchrony Bank.\n\n\" The Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ) prohibits debt collectors from repeatedly or continuously calling you with the intent to harass, oppress, or abuse you.\n\nUnder the Debt Collection Rule, collectors are presumed to violate the law if they place a telephone call to you about a particular debt : More than seven times within a seven-day period, or Within seven days after engaging in a phone conversation with you about a particular debt These call frequency presumptions only apply to calls placed by the collector to you. '' \" If a debt collector violates the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ), you may be able to sue them for up to {$1000.00} in damages, plus additional compensation for any actual harm they caused. The FDCPA prohibits debt collectors from using abusive, deceptive, or unfair practices. ''",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "35007",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "In progress",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "Synchrony Bank continues to harass me about paying for debts that they have CHARGED OFF and Closed. \nVenmoXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX PayPal : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Care Credit : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX According to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a charge-off is considered a certificate of indebtedness, and income from a charge-off must be removed. '' On XX/XX/XXXX I submitted a request to XXXX XXXX XXXX, VP, Synchrony Card Issuance Trust, regarding my four accounts with Synchrony bank. XXXX XXXX did not answer my correspondence. That package included three remittance slips, ( also referred to as registered securities ) which were submitted as a form of payment for my accounts. A duplicate letter and correctly endorsed and stamped remittance slips were forwarded to XXXX XXXX XXXX, CFO of XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX ignored my letter as well. Both Executives refused to answer my request to discharge these debts, however, none of the remittance slips were returned to me. What happened to the registered securities I submitted? My debts were to be discharged due to the failure to accept my payment. To date, there has been no return of my form of payment which was denied.\n\nSynchrony Bank continues call ( 21 ), text ( 9 ), and email ( 15 ) me regarding payment. I have over TWENTY ONE Voice messages. \nAccording to the Fair Debt Collection Act and CFPB \" The Fair Debt Collection Practices Act makes it illegal for debt collectors to harass or threaten you when trying to collect on a debt. In addition, on XX/XX/XXXX, the CFPBs new Debt Collection Rule became effective. This rule clarifies how debt collectors can communicate with you ... '' Synchrony Bank continues to contaminate my credit reports with their false and misleading debt reporting, which is causing me stress, humiliation and the inability to obtain credit. As in my first complaint against Synchrony bank, I stated my applications were securitized and that the company were robbing me of my proceeds. \nAL State Code ; Title 7 and UCC 7-3-603 : Alabama Code Title 7. Commercial Code 7-3-603 ( a ) If tender of payment of an amount due on an instrument is made to a person entitled to enforce the instrument, the effect of tender is governed by principles of law applicable to tender of payment under a simple contract and by subsections ( b ), ( c ) and ( d ). \n\n( b ) If tender of payment of an amount due on an instrument is made to a person entitled to enforce the instrument and the tender is refused, there is discharge, to the extent of the amount of the tender, of the obligation of an indorser or accommodation party having a right of recourse with respect to the obligation to which the tender relates. \n\n( c ) If tender of payment of an amount due on an instrument is made to a person entitled to enforce the instrument, the obligation of the obligor to pay interest after the due date on the amount tendered is discharged. If presentment is required with respect to an instrument and the obligor is able and ready to pay on the due date at every place of payment stated in the instrument, the obligor is deemed to have made tender of payment on the due date to the person entitled to enforce the instrument.\n\n( d ) Acceptance of partial payment by a person entitled to enforce an instrument does not prejudice such person 's rights or remedies with respect to the remaining amount due on the instrument or otherwise. \nSynchrony Banks needs to discharge these false charges, stop reporting to the credit agencies I owe them, and stop harassing me. I am entitled to monetary compensation for every infringement placed upon me by Synchrony Bank.\n\n\" The Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ) prohibits debt collectors from repeatedly or continuously calling you with the intent to harass, oppress, or abuse you.\n\nUnder the Debt Collection Rule, collectors are presumed to violate the law if they place a telephone call to you about a particular debt : More than seven times within a seven-day period, or Within seven days after engaging in a phone conversation with you about a particular debt These call frequency presumptions only apply to calls placed by the collector to you. '' \" If a debt collector violates the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ), you may be able to sue them for up to {$1000.00} in damages, plus additional compensation for any actual harm they caused. The FDCPA prohibits debt collectors from using abusive, deceptive, or unfair practices. ''"
}

Chunk:
tender is governed by principles of law applicable to tender of payment under a simple contract and by subsections ( b ), ( c ) and ( d ). ( b ) if tender of payment of an amount due on an instrument is made to a person entitled to enforce the instrument and the tender is refused, there is discharge, to the extent of the amount of the tender, of the obligation of an indorser or accommodation party having a right of recourse with respect to the obligation to which the tender relates. ( c ) if tender of payment of an amount due on an instrument is made to a person entitled to enforce the instrument, the obligation of the obligor to pay interest after the due date on the amount tendered is discharged. if presentment is required with respect to an instrument and the obligor is able and ready to pay on the due date at every place of payment stated in the instrument, the obligor is deemed to have made tender of payment on the due date to the person entitled to enforce the instrument. ( d ) acceptance of partial payment by a person entitled to enforce an instrument does not prejudice such person's rights or remedies with respect to the remaining amount due on the instrument or otherwise. synchrony banks needs to discharge these false charges, stop reporting to the credit agencies i owe them, and stop harassing me. i am entitled to monetary compensation for every infringement placed upon me by synchrony bank. " the fair debt collection practices act ( fdcpa ) prohibits debt collectors from repeatedly or continuously calling you with the intent to harass, oppress, or abuse you. under the debt collection rule, collectors are presumed to violate the law if they place a telephone call to you about a particular debt : more than seven times within a seven - day period, or within seven days after engaging in a phone conversation with you about a particular debt these call frequency presumptions only apply to calls placed by the collector to you.'' " if a debt collector violates the fair debt collection practices act ( fdcpa ), you may be able to sue them for up to { $ 1000. 00 } in damages, plus additional compensation for any actual harm they caused. the fdcpa prohibits debt collectors from using abusive, deceptive, or unfair practices.''

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9815337061882019
}
