Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9613550,
  "complaint_id": "9613550",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Dispute with Bank of America on credit card charges. \nDisputed Claim Number : XXXX ( Tried to resolve this directly with Bank of America ) Account Ending in XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX Im reaching out to CFPB after being failed multiple times by Bank of America on a disputed claim. I have spent well over six months ( beginning in the Fall of XXXX ) trying to resolve my dispute but have gotten nowhere. \n\nIn XX/XX/XXXX, I noticed a discrepancy on my credit card statement online and I called Bank of America Customer Service to notify them of a disputed claim. The vendor was XXXX. In speaking to Customer Service, it was brought to my attention that these were transactions over multiple months ( I believe, per BOA, the first one was in XX/XX/XXXX ). I categorically denied ever using this vendor and on the call, they mentioned they would send me receipts/proof that I have. To date, I am yet to receive this proof that I have used this vendor, which I understand is based in MA ( I live in XXXX ). \n\nI have subsequently called Customer Service multiple times and even asked to be directed to speak to a supervisor. Each time I get a new reason why the claim was denied either I didnt relay the exact number of times I noticed this transaction on my cc statements ( please note with the first call in XX/XX/XXXX, I asked customer service to check for me ), or since I paid my credit card bills on time, I should have known, or I accessed my online banking the exact same number times as the number of times the transaction has taken place, so I should have known. \n\nEach time I speak to a supervisor, they agree that paying credit cards on time and other reasons stated is not grounds for denying a claim. I even have relayed that over the span of the months the vendor was used, I have been out of the country and so it was impossible for me to use that vendor. Also as soon as I reported the fraud and the cc at the time was cancelled and I received a new one, there were no further transactions with this vendor. Finally I have always paid my bills and never disputed a claim before. All these aspects point to a strong case of cc fraud. \n\nXXXX was particularly hard year for me personally ( my sister died of XXXX and I was her XXXX XXXX, my husband has an XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX and my daughter was diagnosed with XXXX XXXX ). Im relaying this to you not for sympathy but for context that my only intention in XXXX was to be in survival mode- that included paying bills on time to not affect my credit score. I did not pay attention to the details of the statements. Im not sure why I need to be penalized for paying my bills on time!! \n\nWith repeated denials on my fraud claim and with no rationale reason, I searched online to find a way to escalate the issue. I reached out to the Client Care team ( XXXX ). This Monday ( XX/XX/XXXX ), I connected with a member of their team. In speaking with her, she said BOA can not do anything as I signed an agreement with XXXX saying it was my responsibility to check my statements each month and report fraud. I have not received documentation of where I have signed for this. In addition, they don't have data that goes that far back. Regardless of what was going on personally, I asked if I reported the first time I noticed an error in XXXX, why wasn't there a way to resolve for XXXX disputed transactions. She responded saying they have 30 days to reach a vendor and the time period elapsed to legally do anything. To me, this makes no sense. I asked if there was anything else that can be done? She said nothing. I was frustrated as the reasons provided on this call was the first time I heard of. She said even though she was in authority, she can not speak to why previous customer service associates did not mention these reasons. \n\nEvery single time I have called, I am given a new reason why the claim is disputed and feel I have spent so much time and energy and keep getting kicked around. Now they are saying that they don't have data that goes back XX/XX/XXXX so nothing can be done? Was this the case when I first reported fraud in XX/XX/XXXX. How can BOA not have data of credit card transactions, by law, since XX/XX/XXXX? \n\nAgain, I am yet to see proof of vendor use and I have received ridiculous amounts of hard paper documents saying BOA is unable to approve my recent claim as payments have been made but never showing me proof of the vendor used. \n\nI feel ridiculous about the amount of energy and time I have dedicated to this case. This has caused me tremendous emotional distress and I hope CFPB can help us reach a resolution. What is the fair way for customers to have fraud claims resolved if the Bank Customer Service are not trained to provide consistent feedback/explanations and guidance on how to resolve a challenge.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "10128",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-07-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Dispute with Bank of America on credit card charges. \nDisputed Claim Number : XXXX ( Tried to resolve this directly with Bank of America ) Account Ending in XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX Im reaching out to CFPB after being failed multiple times by Bank of America on a disputed claim. I have spent well over six months ( beginning in the Fall of XXXX ) trying to resolve my dispute but have gotten nowhere. \n\nIn XX/XX/XXXX, I noticed a discrepancy on my credit card statement online and I called Bank of America Customer Service to notify them of a disputed claim. The vendor was XXXX. In speaking to Customer Service, it was brought to my attention that these were transactions over multiple months ( I believe, per BOA, the first one was in XX/XX/XXXX ). I categorically denied ever using this vendor and on the call, they mentioned they would send me receipts/proof that I have. To date, I am yet to receive this proof that I have used this vendor, which I understand is based in MA ( I live in XXXX ). \n\nI have subsequently called Customer Service multiple times and even asked to be directed to speak to a supervisor. Each time I get a new reason why the claim was denied either I didnt relay the exact number of times I noticed this transaction on my cc statements ( please note with the first call in XX/XX/XXXX, I asked customer service to check for me ), or since I paid my credit card bills on time, I should have known, or I accessed my online banking the exact same number times as the number of times the transaction has taken place, so I should have known. \n\nEach time I speak to a supervisor, they agree that paying credit cards on time and other reasons stated is not grounds for denying a claim. I even have relayed that over the span of the months the vendor was used, I have been out of the country and so it was impossible for me to use that vendor. Also as soon as I reported the fraud and the cc at the time was cancelled and I received a new one, there were no further transactions with this vendor. Finally I have always paid my bills and never disputed a claim before. All these aspects point to a strong case of cc fraud. \n\nXXXX was particularly hard year for me personally ( my sister died of XXXX and I was her XXXX XXXX, my husband has an XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX and my daughter was diagnosed with XXXX XXXX ). Im relaying this to you not for sympathy but for context that my only intention in XXXX was to be in survival mode- that included paying bills on time to not affect my credit score. I did not pay attention to the details of the statements. Im not sure why I need to be penalized for paying my bills on time!! \n\nWith repeated denials on my fraud claim and with no rationale reason, I searched online to find a way to escalate the issue. I reached out to the Client Care team ( XXXX ). This Monday ( XX/XX/XXXX ), I connected with a member of their team. In speaking with her, she said BOA can not do anything as I signed an agreement with XXXX saying it was my responsibility to check my statements each month and report fraud. I have not received documentation of where I have signed for this. In addition, they don't have data that goes that far back. Regardless of what was going on personally, I asked if I reported the first time I noticed an error in XXXX, why wasn't there a way to resolve for XXXX disputed transactions. She responded saying they have 30 days to reach a vendor and the time period elapsed to legally do anything. To me, this makes no sense. I asked if there was anything else that can be done? She said nothing. I was frustrated as the reasons provided on this call was the first time I heard of. She said even though she was in authority, she can not speak to why previous customer service associates did not mention these reasons. \n\nEvery single time I have called, I am given a new reason why the claim is disputed and feel I have spent so much time and energy and keep getting kicked around. Now they are saying that they don't have data that goes back XX/XX/XXXX so nothing can be done? Was this the case when I first reported fraud in XX/XX/XXXX. How can BOA not have data of credit card transactions, by law, since XX/XX/XXXX? \n\nAgain, I am yet to see proof of vendor use and I have received ridiculous amounts of hard paper documents saying BOA is unable to approve my recent claim as payments have been made but never showing me proof of the vendor used. \n\nI feel ridiculous about the amount of energy and time I have dedicated to this case. This has caused me tremendous emotional distress and I hope CFPB can help us reach a resolution. What is the fair way for customers to have fraud claims resolved if the Bank Customer Service are not trained to provide consistent feedback/explanations and guidance on how to resolve a challenge."
}

Chunk:
us reach a resolution. what is the fair way for customers to have fraud claims resolved if the bank customer service are not trained to provide consistent feedback / explanations and guidance on how to resolve a challenge.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.5661673545837402
}
