Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9398561,
  "complaint_id": "9398561",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My mother opened a credit card with XXXX in XXXX and told me that she had added me as an authorized user. I have never owned a card or charged anything on the account. Earlier this year, my mom started consulting with XXXX XXXX XXXX to lower her interest rate to pay off her debt with XXXX. The advisor at XXXX informed me that I was listed as an authorized user on my mom 's XXXX credit card and was not needed or listed on their agreement with my mom. We were told to then filled out a \" statement of responsibility '' to have my name removed as an authorized user from my mom 's account. XXXX updated my married name, address, etc ... to my mom 's account, but refused to remove me. They stated that I was a joint account holder, but it was reported to XXXX  that I was only an authorized user. I then requested the original credit card application, the credit agreement with terms, and the required credit card disclosures ( since I have never received them in 24 years ) and they refused to release or send them to me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "46038",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA",
  "date_received": "2024-07-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "My mother opened a credit card with XXXX in XXXX and told me that she had added me as an authorized user. I have never owned a card or charged anything on the account. Earlier this year, my mom started consulting with XXXX XXXX XXXX to lower her interest rate to pay off her debt with XXXX. The advisor at XXXX informed me that I was listed as an authorized user on my mom 's XXXX credit card and was not needed or listed on their agreement with my mom. We were told to then filled out a \" statement of responsibility '' to have my name removed as an authorized user from my mom 's account. XXXX updated my married name, address, etc ... to my mom 's account, but refused to remove me. They stated that I was a joint account holder, but it was reported to XXXX  that I was only an authorized user. I then requested the original credit card application, the credit agreement with terms, and the required credit card disclosures ( since I have never received them in 24 years ) and they refused to release or send them to me."
}

Chunk:
my mother opened a credit card with xxxx in xxxx and told me that she had added me as an authorized user. i have never owned a card or charged anything on the account. earlier this year, my mom started consulting with xxxx xxxx xxxx to lower her interest rate to pay off her debt with xxxx. the advisor at xxxx informed me that i was listed as an authorized user on my mom's xxxx credit card and was not needed or listed on their agreement with my mom. we were told to then filled out a " statement of responsibility'' to have my name removed as an authorized user from my mom's account. xxxx updated my married name, address, etc... to my mom's account, but refused to remove me. they stated that i was a joint account holder, but it was reported to xxxx that i was only an authorized user. i then requested the original credit card application, the credit agreement with terms, and the required credit card disclosures ( since i have never received them in 24 years ) and they refused to release or send them to me.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992621541023254
}
