Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9146747,
  "complaint_id": "9146747",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On Monday, XX/XX/XXXX, I noticed 2 transactions on my Wells Fargo CC totaling {$5000.00} as well as 2 fees for usage dated XX/XX/XXXX. These were to an online company. This is a company I have used in the past with no issue and have typically paid off my CC balance shortly thereafter. \n\nthe date is question was not my using my credit card. My CC has been linked to my XXXX XXXX and linked to said merchant. The app is also on the phone. During the time at which this occurred, I did NOT have the devise in my possession which also contained, within the app, my login credentials that were saved. \n\nI immediately called WF and disputed the transactions as fraud I explained that I was not in possession of my devise containing my information and my card. They filed the claim. \n\nOn the XXXX, I saw the charges reappear. I called and, after speaking to 3 different individuals, received no satisfaction. I was told that due to my previously using said merchant, I was deigned. I kept trying to explain the same thing I initially did to the fraud person I spoke to that, yes, I have used this company before. They kept asking me if I had my physical card, was it a chip card, etc. I said I did have all those things but that is not how one would access this app. Then they wanted to submit this to XXXX as buyer 's remorse... ..this is fraud. They refuse to listen to me and, even after I said that is in violation of the reg to deny me based soley off previous transactions, I was pushed off. They are sending it back to fraud per my instruction where it will be declined again. While this may not be a large amount for them, it is for me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "18504",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "On Monday, XX/XX/XXXX, I noticed 2 transactions on my Wells Fargo CC totaling {$5000.00} as well as 2 fees for usage dated XX/XX/XXXX. These were to an online company. This is a company I have used in the past with no issue and have typically paid off my CC balance shortly thereafter. \n\nthe date is question was not my using my credit card. My CC has been linked to my XXXX XXXX and linked to said merchant. The app is also on the phone. During the time at which this occurred, I did NOT have the devise in my possession which also contained, within the app, my login credentials that were saved. \n\nI immediately called WF and disputed the transactions as fraud I explained that I was not in possession of my devise containing my information and my card. They filed the claim. \n\nOn the XXXX, I saw the charges reappear. I called and, after speaking to 3 different individuals, received no satisfaction. I was told that due to my previously using said merchant, I was deigned. I kept trying to explain the same thing I initially did to the fraud person I spoke to that, yes, I have used this company before. They kept asking me if I had my physical card, was it a chip card, etc. I said I did have all those things but that is not how one would access this app. Then they wanted to submit this to XXXX as buyer 's remorse... ..this is fraud. They refuse to listen to me and, even after I said that is in violation of the reg to deny me based soley off previous transactions, I was pushed off. They are sending it back to fraud per my instruction where it will be declined again. While this may not be a large amount for them, it is for me."
}

Chunk:
on monday, xx / xx / xxxx, i noticed 2 transactions on my wells fargo cc totaling { $ 5000. 00 } as well as 2 fees for usage dated xx / xx / xxxx. these were to an online company. this is a company i have used in the past with no issue and have typically paid off my cc balance shortly thereafter. the date is question was not my using my credit card. my cc has been linked to my xxxx xxxx and linked to said merchant. the app is also on the phone. during the time at which this occurred, i did not have the devise in my possession which also contained, within the app, my login credentials that were saved. i immediately called wf and disputed the transactions as fraud i explained that i was not in possession of my devise containing my information and my card. they filed the claim. on the xxxx, i saw the charges reappear. i called and, after speaking to 3 different individuals, received no satisfaction. i was told that due to my previously using said merchant, i was deigned. i kept trying to explain the same thing i initially did to the fraud person i spoke to that, yes, i have used this company before. they kept asking me if i had my physical card, was it a chip card, etc. i said i did have all those things but that is not how one would access this app. then they wanted to submit this to xxxx as buyer's remorse..... this is fraud. they refuse to listen to me and, even after i said that is in violation of the reg to deny me based soley off previous transactions, i was pushed off. they are sending it back to fraud per my instruction where it will be declined again. while this may not be a large amount for them, it is for me.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993267059326172
}
