Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9087487,
  "complaint_id": "9087487",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "About XXXX weeks ago I reported my credit card lost and Bank of America issued me a new card. I recently received my new card and before I had a chance to use it, Bank of America shared my new card information with a merchant without my consent. When I called for an explanation they said that the merchant presented them with a subscription contract I have with the merchant and they had no choice but honor the charge. I don't understand how they can validate any contract and make a decision based on that. Aren't merchant 's required to get authorization from a credit card user before they charge it?",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "92806",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Privacy issues",
  "text": "About XXXX weeks ago I reported my credit card lost and Bank of America issued me a new card. I recently received my new card and before I had a chance to use it, Bank of America shared my new card information with a merchant without my consent. When I called for an explanation they said that the merchant presented them with a subscription contract I have with the merchant and they had no choice but honor the charge. I don't understand how they can validate any contract and make a decision based on that. Aren't merchant 's required to get authorization from a credit card user before they charge it?"
}

Chunk:
about xxxx weeks ago i reported my credit card lost and bank of america issued me a new card. i recently received my new card and before i had a chance to use it, bank of america shared my new card information with a merchant without my consent. when i called for an explanation they said that the merchant presented them with a subscription contract i have with the merchant and they had no choice but honor the charge. i don't understand how they can validate any contract and make a decision based on that. aren't merchant's required to get authorization from a credit card user before they charge it?

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9975232481956482
}
