Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9263153,
  "complaint_id": "9263153",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I opened a new credit card with synchrony Bank, prime card in XX/XX/year>. The first payment was due XX/XX/XXXX. I made a payment from my XXXX XXXX XXXX account. Several days later I got a call saying my payment didn't go through. I immediately called synchrony and again tried to pay over the phone ( thinking perhaps I got the wrong routing number or account number ). I verified both numbers and provided the correct information again. I thought that was it. A few days later my prime synchrony card stopped working. I called synchrony and they told me it was because I had not paid my bill. Again. A. Second time the payment had been rejected. I called my XXXX XXXX  and verified the information and also noted that there were more than sufficient funds to pay the bill. \nXXXX couldn't find an issue on their end. \nAgain I called back synchrony and tried to pay with a different checking account for a different bank ( using a checking debit card ). They said they couldn't process the debit card. It was decline. I called my other bank. I verified funds and they reported that the debit card should work. I called back synchrony and gave them the debit card number again. They said they could not process the payment. \nI have no late payment history and they will likely report this to the credit. \nI am livid. I have never had this much of an issue paying a bill and I have opted to write them a check and mail it to them.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "87114",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NM",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "I opened a new credit card with synchrony Bank, prime card in XX/XX/year>. The first payment was due XX/XX/XXXX. I made a payment from my XXXX XXXX XXXX account. Several days later I got a call saying my payment didn't go through. I immediately called synchrony and again tried to pay over the phone ( thinking perhaps I got the wrong routing number or account number ). I verified both numbers and provided the correct information again. I thought that was it. A few days later my prime synchrony card stopped working. I called synchrony and they told me it was because I had not paid my bill. Again. A. Second time the payment had been rejected. I called my XXXX XXXX  and verified the information and also noted that there were more than sufficient funds to pay the bill. \nXXXX couldn't find an issue on their end. \nAgain I called back synchrony and tried to pay with a different checking account for a different bank ( using a checking debit card ). They said they couldn't process the debit card. It was decline. I called my other bank. I verified funds and they reported that the debit card should work. I called back synchrony and gave them the debit card number again. They said they could not process the payment. \nI have no late payment history and they will likely report this to the credit. \nI am livid. I have never had this much of an issue paying a bill and I have opted to write them a check and mail it to them."
}

Chunk:
i opened a new credit card with synchrony bank, prime card in xx / xx / year >. the first payment was due xx / xx / xxxx. i made a payment from my xxxx xxxx xxxx account. several days later i got a call saying my payment didn't go through. i immediately called synchrony and again tried to pay over the phone ( thinking perhaps i got the wrong routing number or account number ). i verified both numbers and provided the correct information again. i thought that was it. a few days later my prime synchrony card stopped working. i called synchrony and they told me it was because i had not paid my bill. again. a. second time the payment had been rejected. i called my xxxx xxxx and verified the information and also noted that there were more than sufficient funds to pay the bill. xxxx couldn't find an issue on their end. again i called back synchrony and tried to pay with a different checking account for a different bank ( using a checking debit card ). they said they couldn't process the debit card. it was decline. i called my other bank. i verified funds and they reported that the debit card should work. i called back synchrony and gave them the debit card number again. they said they could not process the payment. i have no late payment history and they will likely report this to the credit. i am livid. i have never had this much of an issue paying a bill and i have opted to write them a check and mail it to them.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999037504196167
}
