Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9020479,
  "complaint_id": "9020479",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I had my Discover credit card stolen on XX/XX/2023. 3 charges were made at the same time on XX/XX/2023. One was a flight XXXX to XXXX then another one to XXXX booked and travelled on the same day. The other two were hotels. XXXX support that this charge was fraud. But the two other charges made by an unknown person were reversed and charged back to my card. They claim the merchant provided evidence supporting the charge. But the charges were not made by me and listed a different name as the primary and booking passenger. The email and telephone number were not mine. I think when they stolen my cards they saw my tax return in the same drawer to use for my personal information. The airline ( XXXX ) confirmed that only one passenger boarded those flights. Plus, the other hotel was notified that the credit card used for booking was stolen and reported as fraud. They spoke with guest but they told the hotel it was a mistake and to go back and discuss with travel agency ( XXXX ). The hotel agreed. But then the guest disappeared without hotel being able to collect cash. So, travel agency decided to dispute the fraud charge so they were not responsible. Discover has sided with two of the three travel agency against the fraud charges and hold me responsible. But the third charge is still fraud which is XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "895XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "DISCOVER BANK",
  "date_received": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NV",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I had my Discover credit card stolen on XX/XX/2023. 3 charges were made at the same time on XX/XX/2023. One was a flight XXXX to XXXX then another one to XXXX booked and travelled on the same day. The other two were hotels. XXXX support that this charge was fraud. But the two other charges made by an unknown person were reversed and charged back to my card. They claim the merchant provided evidence supporting the charge. But the charges were not made by me and listed a different name as the primary and booking passenger. The email and telephone number were not mine. I think when they stolen my cards they saw my tax return in the same drawer to use for my personal information. The airline ( XXXX ) confirmed that only one passenger boarded those flights. Plus, the other hotel was notified that the credit card used for booking was stolen and reported as fraud. They spoke with guest but they told the hotel it was a mistake and to go back and discuss with travel agency ( XXXX ). The hotel agreed. But then the guest disappeared without hotel being able to collect cash. So, travel agency decided to dispute the fraud charge so they were not responsible. Discover has sided with two of the three travel agency against the fraud charges and hold me responsible. But the third charge is still fraud which is XXXX"
}

Chunk:
i had my discover credit card stolen on xx / xx / 2023. 3 charges were made at the same time on xx / xx / 2023. one was a flight xxxx to xxxx then another one to xxxx booked and travelled on the same day. the other two were hotels. xxxx support that this charge was fraud. but the two other charges made by an unknown person were reversed and charged back to my card. they claim the merchant provided evidence supporting the charge. but the charges were not made by me and listed a different name as the primary and booking passenger. the email and telephone number were not mine. i think when they stolen my cards they saw my tax return in the same drawer to use for my personal information. the airline ( xxxx ) confirmed that only one passenger boarded those flights. plus, the other hotel was notified that the credit card used for booking was stolen and reported as fraud. they spoke with guest but they told the hotel it was a mistake and to go back and discuss with travel agency ( xxxx ). the hotel agreed. but then the guest disappeared without hotel being able to collect cash. so, travel agency decided to dispute the fraud charge so they were not responsible. discover has sided with two of the three travel agency against the fraud charges and hold me responsible. but the third charge is still fraud which is xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9987726807594299
}
