Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9494825,
  "complaint_id": "9494825",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I was in Old Navy making a purchase and was told that if I applied for the Old Navy credit card, I would receive $ XXXX off the purchase I was making in store that day. I agreed and they said the transaction and discount would be applied immediately to the card, pending my application approval. My application was approved but they said there was an issue and the promotion was not working. I said the only reason I was applying for the card was to get the promotion that they told me I would receive, so if I wasn't receiving it, I no longer wanted the card. They said it was too late, I already submitted my application and I would have to contact the credit card company to rectify it. The credit card company also said there was nothing they could do when I called. I was coerced and lied to to apply for the credit card. I want that reflected on my credit report so that they opening and closing of this account does not impact my credit score.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "850XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-07-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AZ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "I was in Old Navy making a purchase and was told that if I applied for the Old Navy credit card, I would receive $ XXXX off the purchase I was making in store that day. I agreed and they said the transaction and discount would be applied immediately to the card, pending my application approval. My application was approved but they said there was an issue and the promotion was not working. I said the only reason I was applying for the card was to get the promotion that they told me I would receive, so if I wasn't receiving it, I no longer wanted the card. They said it was too late, I already submitted my application and I would have to contact the credit card company to rectify it. The credit card company also said there was nothing they could do when I called. I was coerced and lied to to apply for the credit card. I want that reflected on my credit report so that they opening and closing of this account does not impact my credit score."
}

Chunk:
i was in old navy making a purchase and was told that if i applied for the old navy credit card, i would receive $ xxxx off the purchase i was making in store that day. i agreed and they said the transaction and discount would be applied immediately to the card, pending my application approval. my application was approved but they said there was an issue and the promotion was not working. i said the only reason i was applying for the card was to get the promotion that they told me i would receive, so if i wasn't receiving it, i no longer wanted the card. they said it was too late, i already submitted my application and i would have to contact the credit card company to rectify it. the credit card company also said there was nothing they could do when i called. i was coerced and lied to to apply for the credit card. i want that reflected on my credit report so that they opening and closing of this account does not impact my credit score.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994725584983826
}
