Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9605550,
  "complaint_id": "9605550",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "We found fraud on our credit card that is used for company purchases totaling over XXXX in fraud. After many, many, requests Wells Fargo Bank will not credit us back the fraudulent charges. This is just like stealing money from us as we are a small company that needs this money to pay our payroll. WELLS FARGO BANK should be ashamed of themselves and should return our money at once. The credit card was in my pocket the entire time and all of these purchases were all over the country from Florida to Washington and they claim that the card was presented in person according to WELLS FARGO.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "592XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-07-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MT",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "We found fraud on our credit card that is used for company purchases totaling over XXXX in fraud. After many, many, requests Wells Fargo Bank will not credit us back the fraudulent charges. This is just like stealing money from us as we are a small company that needs this money to pay our payroll. WELLS FARGO BANK should be ashamed of themselves and should return our money at once. The credit card was in my pocket the entire time and all of these purchases were all over the country from Florida to Washington and they claim that the card was presented in person according to WELLS FARGO."
}

Chunk:
we found fraud on our credit card that is used for company purchases totaling over xxxx in fraud. after many, many, requests wells fargo bank will not credit us back the fraudulent charges. this is just like stealing money from us as we are a small company that needs this money to pay our payroll. wells fargo bank should be ashamed of themselves and should return our money at once. the credit card was in my pocket the entire time and all of these purchases were all over the country from florida to washington and they claim that the card was presented in person according to wells fargo.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.998607337474823
}
