Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9271188,
  "complaint_id": "9271188",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Hello, I wish to re-open this complaint ( XXXX ) as my issue was not resolved. Just because Comenity says they are in compliance with the law, does not make it true, especially when I have evidence to show otherwise. The late fees and interest charges I questioned on my account are NOT valid, because I have receipts to show payment was made on time! Please see receipt from XX/XX/year> - they are STILL trying to say I didn't make a payment when I have the receipt! \n\nPlease do not take Comenitys word for it, CFPB. They are running a very sketchy practice, as shown by the number of complaints about them online. It's amazing that Comenity is still in business. \n\nFurthermore, the most recent late payments are because I have not felt comfortable making payments while Comenity has such a horrible track record of not logging my payments! Who would willingly just throw money away like that? I shouldn't feel scared that if I make a payment, there is even a chance it won't get recorded and my money will be lost. Even when I have a receipt! What kind of business is this? I said in my last complaint that I wanted this resolved ( even if it requires CFPB stepping in ) before I feel comfortable making payments. \n\nCFPB, you need to step in here please, even the store managers at Express do not recommend their own credit cards anymore because dealing with Comenity is a nightmare. You can not trust Comenity to handle this on their own. You are meant to protect consumers, please help rectify this as soon as possible. \n\nI want all late fees removed from my account as a gesture of goodwill ( never mind the fact that they werent legitimate fees to begin with ) for dealing with this mess. I have always made my payments on time and this just isnt fair. I would just like to continue paying down this card so I dont have to deal with this anymore. Thank you.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "46143",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "Hello, I wish to re-open this complaint ( XXXX ) as my issue was not resolved. Just because Comenity says they are in compliance with the law, does not make it true, especially when I have evidence to show otherwise. The late fees and interest charges I questioned on my account are NOT valid, because I have receipts to show payment was made on time! Please see receipt from XX/XX/year> - they are STILL trying to say I didn't make a payment when I have the receipt! \n\nPlease do not take Comenitys word for it, CFPB. They are running a very sketchy practice, as shown by the number of complaints about them online. It's amazing that Comenity is still in business. \n\nFurthermore, the most recent late payments are because I have not felt comfortable making payments while Comenity has such a horrible track record of not logging my payments! Who would willingly just throw money away like that? I shouldn't feel scared that if I make a payment, there is even a chance it won't get recorded and my money will be lost. Even when I have a receipt! What kind of business is this? I said in my last complaint that I wanted this resolved ( even if it requires CFPB stepping in ) before I feel comfortable making payments. \n\nCFPB, you need to step in here please, even the store managers at Express do not recommend their own credit cards anymore because dealing with Comenity is a nightmare. You can not trust Comenity to handle this on their own. You are meant to protect consumers, please help rectify this as soon as possible. \n\nI want all late fees removed from my account as a gesture of goodwill ( never mind the fact that they werent legitimate fees to begin with ) for dealing with this mess. I have always made my payments on time and this just isnt fair. I would just like to continue paying down this card so I dont have to deal with this anymore. Thank you."
}

Chunk:
hello, i wish to re - open this complaint ( xxxx ) as my issue was not resolved. just because comenity says they are in compliance with the law, does not make it true, especially when i have evidence to show otherwise. the late fees and interest charges i questioned on my account are not valid, because i have receipts to show payment was made on time! please see receipt from xx / xx / year > - they are still trying to say i didn't make a payment when i have the receipt! please do not take comenitys word for it, cfpb. they are running a very sketchy practice, as shown by the number of complaints about them online. it's amazing that comenity is still in business. furthermore, the most recent late payments are because i have not felt comfortable making payments while comenity has such a horrible track record of not logging my payments! who would willingly just throw money away like that? i shouldn't feel scared that if i make a payment, there is even a chance it won't get recorded and my money will be lost. even when i have a receipt! what kind of business is this? i said in my last complaint that i wanted this resolved ( even if it requires cfpb stepping in ) before i feel comfortable making payments. cfpb, you need to step in here please, even the store managers at express do not recommend their own credit cards anymore because dealing with comenity is a nightmare. you can not trust comenity to handle this on their own. you are meant to protect consumers, please help rectify this as soon as possible. i want all late fees removed from my account as a gesture of goodwill ( never mind the fact that they werent legitimate fees to begin with ) for dealing with this mess. i have always made my payments on time and this just isnt fair. i would just like to continue paying down this card so i dont have to deal with this anymore. thank you.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9982779026031494
}
