Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9015934,
  "complaint_id": "9015934",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Dear Sir/Madam, On XXXX XX/XX/year>, I have applied the XXXX XXXX American Express XXXX XXXX XXXX American Express XXXX In the application page, it is advised that I can receive XXXX XXXX points as the welcome bonus, after I spend XXXX USD within the first XXXX months of card membership. In my application process, there is no warning informing me that I was not eligible to receive the advertised welcome bonus. Normally, if a new card member is not eligible, there will be a pop-up message. My application quickly got approved and the new account was established on the same date. After I receive my card, I used it for daily purchases. \n\nOn the evening of XXXX XX/XX/year>, I contacted American Express customer service through their XXXXXXXX XXXX chat function, to check if my spending has already met the requirement for welcome bonus. However, I was informed by the customer service representative, XXXX, that there is no welcome bonus with my account. Her original words are \" The welcome offer has been denied for this card on your account, it was cancelled after the card application ''. I requested to talk to the supervisor. However, the supervisor said that there was a warning informing me that I am not eligible for welcome bonus, but I missed it. The statement made by the supervisor is completed contradicting to the statement made by the customer service representative. \n\nThe customer service representative admitted that \" the welcome bonus is cancelled ( by AMEX ) after card application ''. I regard this as a serious business misconduct and cheating of credit customer to apply for a credit card. The advertised and promised welcome benefits was cancelled unilaterally by American Express, after the card is approved, and the annual fee is paid. This is a unilateral violation of contract, as well as a misleading and fraudulent advertisement. The promised terms in the public advertisement is never fulfilled. \n\nTherefore, I demand American Express to immediately reinstate the welcome bonus in my account ( XXXX XXXX points upon XXXX USD eligible spending ), or reimburse me with appropriate cash with equivalent value. American Express should be demanded to review its internal policies. Cancelling a promised welcome term, after the credit card is accepted, and annual fee is paid without even notifying the customer should be strictly prohibited. \n\nAll the evidence, including XXXX XXXX  messaging records with American Express customer service are kept. I am happy to provide any other information to assist your investigation. \n\nThank you for your time in reviewing my compliant against American Express. Please accept my hearty gratitude for your hard work in making quality consumer financial services fairly delivered to all Americans. \n\nI am looking forward to hearing from you soon. \n\nBest regards, XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "89110",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NV",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "Dear Sir/Madam, On XXXX XX/XX/year>, I have applied the XXXX XXXX American Express XXXX XXXX XXXX American Express XXXX In the application page, it is advised that I can receive XXXX XXXX points as the welcome bonus, after I spend XXXX USD within the first XXXX months of card membership. In my application process, there is no warning informing me that I was not eligible to receive the advertised welcome bonus. Normally, if a new card member is not eligible, there will be a pop-up message. My application quickly got approved and the new account was established on the same date. After I receive my card, I used it for daily purchases. \n\nOn the evening of XXXX XX/XX/year>, I contacted American Express customer service through their XXXXXXXX XXXX chat function, to check if my spending has already met the requirement for welcome bonus. However, I was informed by the customer service representative, XXXX, that there is no welcome bonus with my account. Her original words are \" The welcome offer has been denied for this card on your account, it was cancelled after the card application ''. I requested to talk to the supervisor. However, the supervisor said that there was a warning informing me that I am not eligible for welcome bonus, but I missed it. The statement made by the supervisor is completed contradicting to the statement made by the customer service representative. \n\nThe customer service representative admitted that \" the welcome bonus is cancelled ( by AMEX ) after card application ''. I regard this as a serious business misconduct and cheating of credit customer to apply for a credit card. The advertised and promised welcome benefits was cancelled unilaterally by American Express, after the card is approved, and the annual fee is paid. This is a unilateral violation of contract, as well as a misleading and fraudulent advertisement. The promised terms in the public advertisement is never fulfilled. \n\nTherefore, I demand American Express to immediately reinstate the welcome bonus in my account ( XXXX XXXX points upon XXXX USD eligible spending ), or reimburse me with appropriate cash with equivalent value. American Express should be demanded to review its internal policies. Cancelling a promised welcome term, after the credit card is accepted, and annual fee is paid without even notifying the customer should be strictly prohibited. \n\nAll the evidence, including XXXX XXXX  messaging records with American Express customer service are kept. I am happy to provide any other information to assist your investigation. \n\nThank you for your time in reviewing my compliant against American Express. Please accept my hearty gratitude for your hard work in making quality consumer financial services fairly delivered to all Americans. \n\nI am looking forward to hearing from you soon. \n\nBest regards, XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
your investigation. thank you for your time in reviewing my compliant against american express. please accept my hearty gratitude for your hard work in making quality consumer financial services fairly delivered to all americans. i am looking forward to hearing from you soon. best regards, xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "POSITIVE",
  "score": 0.9997730851173401
}
