Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9089997,
  "complaint_id": "9089997",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Dear Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, I am writing to file a formal complaint against Synchrony Bank and Venmo for engaging in predatory practices and unjustly withholding my funds, resulting in significant financial harm and emotional distress. \n\nOn XX/XX/year>, I made a payment of {$600.00} through Venmo to Synchrony Bank, which was promptly processed and deducted from my XXXX XXXX account on the same day. However, despite the deduction, Synchrony Bank has failed to reflect the payment in my available balance, thereby withholding my funds for an unjustifiably extended period. \n\nThe actions of Synchrony Bank and Venmo in this matter are nothing short of predatory. By withholding my funds without valid justification, they have effectively cheated me out of my hard-earned money, causing undue financial strain and emotional turmoil. This deliberate misappropriation of funds demonstrates a blatant disregard for consumer rights and highlights the predatory nature of these financial institutions. \n\nFurthermore, the lack of transparency and accountability in addressing this issue is deeply concerning. Despite numerous attempts to seek clarification and resolution, I have been met with vague explanations and minimal assistance. The refusal of Synchrony Bank and Venmo to promptly release my funds and provide adequate explanation only exacerbates the distress and frustration I have experienced.\n\nIt is evident that Synchrony Bank and Venmo have prioritized their own financial interests over the well-being of their customers. Their actions not only violate consumer protection laws but also erode trust in the financial system as a whole. As a consumer who has been victimized by their predatory practices, I urge the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to investigate this matter thoroughly and take appropriate action to hold Synchrony Bank and Venmo accountable for their misconduct. \n\nIn addition to seeking redress for myself, I implore the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to take proactive measures to protect consumers from falling victim to similar predatory practices in the future. By holding financial institutions accountable for their actions, we can ensure a fair and transparent financial system that serves the interests of all consumers. \n\nI appreciate your attention to this matter and look forward to a swift and satisfactory resolution. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "92672",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "Dear Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, I am writing to file a formal complaint against Synchrony Bank and Venmo for engaging in predatory practices and unjustly withholding my funds, resulting in significant financial harm and emotional distress. \n\nOn XX/XX/year>, I made a payment of {$600.00} through Venmo to Synchrony Bank, which was promptly processed and deducted from my XXXX XXXX account on the same day. However, despite the deduction, Synchrony Bank has failed to reflect the payment in my available balance, thereby withholding my funds for an unjustifiably extended period. \n\nThe actions of Synchrony Bank and Venmo in this matter are nothing short of predatory. By withholding my funds without valid justification, they have effectively cheated me out of my hard-earned money, causing undue financial strain and emotional turmoil. This deliberate misappropriation of funds demonstrates a blatant disregard for consumer rights and highlights the predatory nature of these financial institutions. \n\nFurthermore, the lack of transparency and accountability in addressing this issue is deeply concerning. Despite numerous attempts to seek clarification and resolution, I have been met with vague explanations and minimal assistance. The refusal of Synchrony Bank and Venmo to promptly release my funds and provide adequate explanation only exacerbates the distress and frustration I have experienced.\n\nIt is evident that Synchrony Bank and Venmo have prioritized their own financial interests over the well-being of their customers. Their actions not only violate consumer protection laws but also erode trust in the financial system as a whole. As a consumer who has been victimized by their predatory practices, I urge the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to investigate this matter thoroughly and take appropriate action to hold Synchrony Bank and Venmo accountable for their misconduct. \n\nIn addition to seeking redress for myself, I implore the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to take proactive measures to protect consumers from falling victim to similar predatory practices in the future. By holding financial institutions accountable for their actions, we can ensure a fair and transparent financial system that serves the interests of all consumers. \n\nI appreciate your attention to this matter and look forward to a swift and satisfactory resolution. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
dear consumer financial protection bureau, i am writing to file a formal complaint against synchrony bank and venmo for engaging in predatory practices and unjustly withholding my funds, resulting in significant financial harm and emotional distress. on xx / xx / year >, i made a payment of { $ 600. 00 } through venmo to synchrony bank, which was promptly processed and deducted from my xxxx xxxx account on the same day. however, despite the deduction, synchrony bank has failed to reflect the payment in my available balance, thereby withholding my funds for an unjustifiably extended period. the actions of synchrony bank and venmo in this matter are nothing short of predatory. by withholding my funds without valid justification, they have effectively cheated me out of my hard - earned money, causing undue financial strain and emotional turmoil. this deliberate misappropriation of funds demonstrates a blatant disregard for consumer rights and highlights the predatory nature of these financial institutions. furthermore, the lack of transparency and accountability in addressing this issue is deeply concerning. despite numerous attempts to seek clarification and resolution, i have been met with vague explanations and minimal assistance. the refusal of synchrony bank and venmo to promptly release my funds and provide adequate explanation only exacerbates the distress and frustration i have experienced. it is evident that synchrony bank and venmo have prioritized their own financial interests over the well - being of their customers. their actions not only violate consumer protection laws but also erode trust in the financial system as a whole. as a consumer who has been victimized by their predatory practices, i urge the consumer financial protection bureau to investigate this matter thoroughly and take appropriate action to hold synchrony bank and venmo accountable for their misconduct. in addition to seeking redress for myself, i implore the consumer financial protection bureau to take proactive measures to protect consumers from falling victim to similar predatory practices in the future. by holding financial institutions accountable for their actions, we can ensure a fair and transparent financial system that serves the interests of all consumers. i appreciate your attention to this matter and look forward to a swift and satisfactory resolution. sincerely, xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9197344183921814
}
