Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9041042,
  "complaint_id": "9041042",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Synchrony XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX, XXXX, CT XXXX Dear sir, I need to express my concern regarding the notice from XXXX today on the refund issued by XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX which amount is {$130.00}. I need to clarify that upon the decision to close the credit card of your company, I changed the payment method of XXXX to another credit card. Therefore, it is beyond my understanding why XXXX has decided to send the refunded amount {$130.00} to the closed credit card number ending XXXX. XXXX says that card issuer is processing refund to the card ending number XXXX. However, since I made sure that my card was closed by using my card at the shop. And I checked the online account of this credit card disappeared. And I paid off all remaining balance yesterday. I state the relationship between your company, and I is non-existing. Also, I tried to use the reward certificate, XXXX, and same as before, I could not use it at one shop, where I go often in XXXX, New Jersey. I want to clarify why your company can state to XXXX that your company, card issue, is processing refund to the closed account. Since your company insisted that my reward certificates had been used and your company employees and those who works at the shops, which relating with your company credit company, treated me as if I did fraud activity. The point is the account has been closed and it is impossible that your company has started the process of refunding. Since it relates with the owner of XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, I would like you to stop that process and return total amount to my XXXX account. Since this refund has started by the suspicious claim of the employee of XXXX, there is no issue which occur the refund itself has happened. That means there was no transactional problem between XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and I, XXXX XXXX. Therefore, the action of refund itself should be happened. If your company wish to pursue the responsibility of XXXX, it is fine and it's on your decision and responsibility. What I want to do is to return this claim of dispute on the owner of clinic from me to be cleared, as this employee looked to have stated to the owner and asked him to refund me, which I could not recognize, since the transaction itself does not exist. Before the action of his refund, we have agreed to return this amount of {$130.00} to him. I expected XXXX keep the credit in XXXX account, since I stated it the card on issue was closed ; however, the XXXX employee refunded to the credit card. And I do not have the credit itself in my XXXX account. Since you must have the credit of {$130.00} which should be mine, I request to return the amount of {$130.00} to me through my XXXX account. Then, I will proceed to return this amount of {$130.00}. There might be the suspicious activities by this XXXX employee. At this moment, I just want to receive back this {$130.00} from your company and return to the owner. \n\nSincerely,",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "076XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "Synchrony XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX, XXXX, CT XXXX Dear sir, I need to express my concern regarding the notice from XXXX today on the refund issued by XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX which amount is {$130.00}. I need to clarify that upon the decision to close the credit card of your company, I changed the payment method of XXXX to another credit card. Therefore, it is beyond my understanding why XXXX has decided to send the refunded amount {$130.00} to the closed credit card number ending XXXX. XXXX says that card issuer is processing refund to the card ending number XXXX. However, since I made sure that my card was closed by using my card at the shop. And I checked the online account of this credit card disappeared. And I paid off all remaining balance yesterday. I state the relationship between your company, and I is non-existing. Also, I tried to use the reward certificate, XXXX, and same as before, I could not use it at one shop, where I go often in XXXX, New Jersey. I want to clarify why your company can state to XXXX that your company, card issue, is processing refund to the closed account. Since your company insisted that my reward certificates had been used and your company employees and those who works at the shops, which relating with your company credit company, treated me as if I did fraud activity. The point is the account has been closed and it is impossible that your company has started the process of refunding. Since it relates with the owner of XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, I would like you to stop that process and return total amount to my XXXX account. Since this refund has started by the suspicious claim of the employee of XXXX, there is no issue which occur the refund itself has happened. That means there was no transactional problem between XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and I, XXXX XXXX. Therefore, the action of refund itself should be happened. If your company wish to pursue the responsibility of XXXX, it is fine and it's on your decision and responsibility. What I want to do is to return this claim of dispute on the owner of clinic from me to be cleared, as this employee looked to have stated to the owner and asked him to refund me, which I could not recognize, since the transaction itself does not exist. Before the action of his refund, we have agreed to return this amount of {$130.00} to him. I expected XXXX keep the credit in XXXX account, since I stated it the card on issue was closed ; however, the XXXX employee refunded to the credit card. And I do not have the credit itself in my XXXX account. Since you must have the credit of {$130.00} which should be mine, I request to return the amount of {$130.00} to me through my XXXX account. Then, I will proceed to return this amount of {$130.00}. There might be the suspicious activities by this XXXX employee. At this moment, I just want to receive back this {$130.00} from your company and return to the owner. \n\nSincerely,"
}

Chunk:
synchrony xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, xxxx, ct xxxx dear sir, i need to express my concern regarding the notice from xxxx today on the refund issued by xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx which amount is { $ 130. 00 }. i need to clarify that upon the decision to close the credit card of your company, i changed the payment method of xxxx to another credit card. therefore, it is beyond my understanding why xxxx has decided to send the refunded amount { $ 130. 00 } to the closed credit card number ending xxxx. xxxx says that card issuer is processing refund to the card ending number xxxx. however, since i made sure that my card was closed by using my card at the shop. and i checked the online account of this credit card disappeared. and i paid off all remaining balance yesterday. i state the relationship between your company, and i is non - existing. also, i tried to use the reward certificate, xxxx, and same as before, i could not use it at one shop, where i go often in xxxx, new jersey. i want to clarify why your company can state to xxxx that your company, card issue, is processing refund to the closed account. since your company insisted that my reward certificates had been used and your company employees and those who works at the shops, which relating with your company credit company, treated me as if i did fraud activity. the point is the account has been closed and it is impossible that your company has started the process of refunding. since it relates with the owner of xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, i would like you to stop that process and return total amount to my xxxx account. since this refund has started by the suspicious claim of the employee of xxxx, there is no issue which occur the refund itself has happened. that means there was no transactional problem between xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx and i, xxxx xxxx. therefore, the action of refund itself should be happened. if your company wish to pursue the responsibility of xxxx, it is fine and it's on your decision and responsibility. what i want to do is to return this claim of dispute on the owner of clinic from me to be cleared, as this employee looked to have stated to the owner and asked him to refund me, which i could not recognize, since the transaction itself does not exist

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9983932375907898
}
