Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9218367,
  "complaint_id": "9218367",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX XXXX. Recieved an unsolicited text from XXXX XXXX, they convinced me to do a call where they promised me 3-5 live connections a week with potential real estate buyers. I have never received a single one. I get prompts for buyers in New York. I live in and practice real estate in Utah. The company will not resolve the issue. I filed a dispute with the credit card company. They sided with XXXX XXXX, due to the terms and conditions that states, section 3 Our Responsibilities : Provision of Services. XXXX will provide members with leads at set schedules discretion based on availability. So basically they can do absolutly nothing and still claim they can keep the {$1200.00} I paid them. This is a scam! They can simply say there are no available leads and keep the money. American Express should not be helping scammers to steal money from their clients. They have not provided proof that there are no available leads in my area.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "UT",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "XXXX XXXX. Recieved an unsolicited text from XXXX XXXX, they convinced me to do a call where they promised me 3-5 live connections a week with potential real estate buyers. I have never received a single one. I get prompts for buyers in New York. I live in and practice real estate in Utah. The company will not resolve the issue. I filed a dispute with the credit card company. They sided with XXXX XXXX, due to the terms and conditions that states, section 3 Our Responsibilities : Provision of Services. XXXX will provide members with leads at set schedules discretion based on availability. So basically they can do absolutly nothing and still claim they can keep the {$1200.00} I paid them. This is a scam! They can simply say there are no available leads and keep the money. American Express should not be helping scammers to steal money from their clients. They have not provided proof that there are no available leads in my area."
}

Chunk:
xxxx xxxx. recieved an unsolicited text from xxxx xxxx, they convinced me to do a call where they promised me 3 - 5 live connections a week with potential real estate buyers. i have never received a single one. i get prompts for buyers in new york. i live in and practice real estate in utah. the company will not resolve the issue. i filed a dispute with the credit card company. they sided with xxxx xxxx, due to the terms and conditions that states, section 3 our responsibilities : provision of services. xxxx will provide members with leads at set schedules discretion based on availability. so basically they can do absolutly nothing and still claim they can keep the { $ 1200. 00 } i paid them. this is a scam! they can simply say there are no available leads and keep the money. american express should not be helping scammers to steal money from their clients. they have not provided proof that there are no available leads in my area.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999538779258728
}
