Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9353088,
  "complaint_id": "9353088",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I was offered an XXXX on my Macy 's card to a Macy 's XXXX XXXX. I accepted the offer and did not receive a card. I called They said to wait XXXX billing cycles which I did and still never received a card. I called back and was told that after reading the notes the card would be sent and I was given a credit to my star rewards for my inconvenience. ( which didn't even post correctly so i couldn't even use it ) But I never received the card. I spoke to another associate XXXX weeks ago and was told I would get my card in XXXX days. And I still have not received it. I just called into customer service today to get help with this issue and the representative was very rude to me and spoke over me. I asked for a supervisor at which point he still did not want to transfer me to a supervisor. I demanded to be transferred. He placed me on hold and the call was disconnected. \n\n\nI just want to receive the Macy 's XXXX XXXX card that Macy 's approved and upgraded me to. \n\nThe screenshot that I have included shows the XXXX logo on my account which was not there before they upgraded my account.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "631XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MO",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem getting a working replacement card",
  "text": "I was offered an XXXX on my Macy 's card to a Macy 's XXXX XXXX. I accepted the offer and did not receive a card. I called They said to wait XXXX billing cycles which I did and still never received a card. I called back and was told that after reading the notes the card would be sent and I was given a credit to my star rewards for my inconvenience. ( which didn't even post correctly so i couldn't even use it ) But I never received the card. I spoke to another associate XXXX weeks ago and was told I would get my card in XXXX days. And I still have not received it. I just called into customer service today to get help with this issue and the representative was very rude to me and spoke over me. I asked for a supervisor at which point he still did not want to transfer me to a supervisor. I demanded to be transferred. He placed me on hold and the call was disconnected. \n\n\nI just want to receive the Macy 's XXXX XXXX card that Macy 's approved and upgraded me to. \n\nThe screenshot that I have included shows the XXXX logo on my account which was not there before they upgraded my account."
}

Chunk:
i was offered an xxxx on my macy's card to a macy's xxxx xxxx. i accepted the offer and did not receive a card. i called they said to wait xxxx billing cycles which i did and still never received a card. i called back and was told that after reading the notes the card would be sent and i was given a credit to my star rewards for my inconvenience. ( which didn't even post correctly so i couldn't even use it ) but i never received the card. i spoke to another associate xxxx weeks ago and was told i would get my card in xxxx days. and i still have not received it. i just called into customer service today to get help with this issue and the representative was very rude to me and spoke over me. i asked for a supervisor at which point he still did not want to transfer me to a supervisor. i demanded to be transferred. he placed me on hold and the call was disconnected. i just want to receive the macy's xxxx xxxx card that macy's approved and upgraded me to. the screenshot that i have included shows the xxxx logo on my account which was not there before they upgraded my account.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992873072624207
}
