Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9218192,
  "complaint_id": "9218192",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "A scammer ordered a Chime debit card by utilizing my social security number and an old address. Chime delivered the card with XXXX Bank without utilizing any kind of credit verification ( no soft or hard credit pull ) and therefore i was never notified that a card was issued in my name. \n\nLuckily the renter picked up the mail that day so the scammer could not come by and swipe the mail out of the mailbox in time and held onto it. \n\nI called Chime and informed them of the fraudulent account and verified my information with them. They immediately closed the account and referred me to check my credit reporting for any irregular reporting. I informed them they they as a technology company and XXXX failed to perform a soft credit check to inform the consumer whom was being scammed and therefore if the scammer had in fact managed to grab the card, then I would have never known about it.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "209XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Chime Financial Inc",
  "date_received": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MD",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Sent card you never applied for",
  "text": "A scammer ordered a Chime debit card by utilizing my social security number and an old address. Chime delivered the card with XXXX Bank without utilizing any kind of credit verification ( no soft or hard credit pull ) and therefore i was never notified that a card was issued in my name. \n\nLuckily the renter picked up the mail that day so the scammer could not come by and swipe the mail out of the mailbox in time and held onto it. \n\nI called Chime and informed them of the fraudulent account and verified my information with them. They immediately closed the account and referred me to check my credit reporting for any irregular reporting. I informed them they they as a technology company and XXXX failed to perform a soft credit check to inform the consumer whom was being scammed and therefore if the scammer had in fact managed to grab the card, then I would have never known about it."
}

Chunk:
a scammer ordered a chime debit card by utilizing my social security number and an old address. chime delivered the card with xxxx bank without utilizing any kind of credit verification ( no soft or hard credit pull ) and therefore i was never notified that a card was issued in my name. luckily the renter picked up the mail that day so the scammer could not come by and swipe the mail out of the mailbox in time and held onto it. i called chime and informed them of the fraudulent account and verified my information with them. they immediately closed the account and referred me to check my credit reporting for any irregular reporting. i informed them they they as a technology company and xxxx failed to perform a soft credit check to inform the consumer whom was being scammed and therefore if the scammer had in fact managed to grab the card, then i would have never known about it.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990517497062683
}
