Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9128373,
  "complaint_id": "9128373",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "After receiving the agreement from Capital One I sent them documents regarding my right of subrogation. Let it be known that my account XXXX XXXX cleared Thursday XX/XX/year> at XXXX AM. My security collateral was never applied for settlement of the account. I sent a debt validation letter to capital one and they confirmed a contract agreement and said it was handled by grantor. As the grantor beneficiary I did not authorize the settling of that matter as the contract agreement requested was not sent neither was the wet ink signature proved to me by capital one. So I sent a negotiation instrument for accrediting of the account. The negotiable instrument was cashed but the orders on the instrument were not followed. Not only did I subrogate my rights I told them they had no authorization to shut down my account. They received a affidavit of service and debt validation confirmation. I tendered a money order special deposit but it was generally deposited into the account but this payment was for my private interest. So I sent a security endorsed. Still to no avail of capital one to accredit the account. No response to this by capital one. They sent another statement so I in turn sent in trust documents and a tender of a {$21.00} dollar money order for possession rights and settlement of the account. There again was no response by capital one or their indentured trustee. I then sent a poa and a seven day notice. Those documents were returned to me unstapled which is mail fraud mail tampering. I made a complaint with a federal agent and then sent this to capital one. That same day which was the XXXX of XXXX when sending the complaint from the federal inspector capital one accredited the account and then restricted my access to the account. The first senior manager told me they could not be recorded though they can record clients for quality assurance so once I started recording she literally hung the phone up on me stating her policy says she can't be recorded. The second senior manager of capital one states once asked about the specifics of this policy and where I could find this \" That is just it. It's just that policy '' giving me nothing to go off. When questioned about the accrediting of the account and the shut off she quickly became shaky with her words stuttering on them to answer my question which was If the account is accredited why did you shut the account off? If it was pass due why didn't it go to collections as I know capital one customers personally and this never happened to them and their accounts are in collections. She told me this is a good thing and that they accredited my security deposit. I told her that what they are doing is security fraud. How do you accredited the account but then shut it off that is also BREACH OF CONTRACT. She continued with the account was SET OFF. I told her that this is in violation of their own sec filing which states that setoff are usually sent to collections! I have receipts and documents to prove that the trust has been sent to them along with other relevant documents such as my right of subrogation and unauthorized shut off as I have sent them notice not to shut off my account. What I want is specific performance upon the security collateral which the account was accredited but shut off so unrestrict my account and follow the trust documents. Apply my tender of special deposit via money order and reimburse me as equitable beneficial title holder of the account with possession and ownership rights via the trust. As the grantor beneficiary I am here for the benifit and not the penalty. I have sent my authorization through my POA and I have all my receipts showing delivery to the indentured trustee of capital one. Yet my account was closed! Though my credit statement report shows a accrediting from Capital One of {$200.00} my account is yet still to be unrestricted. It also shows that the delinquent account has been deleted from my credit. This alone is evidence of mishandling of my accounts and security fraud which is breach of trust.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "187XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "After receiving the agreement from Capital One I sent them documents regarding my right of subrogation. Let it be known that my account XXXX XXXX cleared Thursday XX/XX/year> at XXXX AM. My security collateral was never applied for settlement of the account. I sent a debt validation letter to capital one and they confirmed a contract agreement and said it was handled by grantor. As the grantor beneficiary I did not authorize the settling of that matter as the contract agreement requested was not sent neither was the wet ink signature proved to me by capital one. So I sent a negotiation instrument for accrediting of the account. The negotiable instrument was cashed but the orders on the instrument were not followed. Not only did I subrogate my rights I told them they had no authorization to shut down my account. They received a affidavit of service and debt validation confirmation. I tendered a money order special deposit but it was generally deposited into the account but this payment was for my private interest. So I sent a security endorsed. Still to no avail of capital one to accredit the account. No response to this by capital one. They sent another statement so I in turn sent in trust documents and a tender of a {$21.00} dollar money order for possession rights and settlement of the account. There again was no response by capital one or their indentured trustee. I then sent a poa and a seven day notice. Those documents were returned to me unstapled which is mail fraud mail tampering. I made a complaint with a federal agent and then sent this to capital one. That same day which was the XXXX of XXXX when sending the complaint from the federal inspector capital one accredited the account and then restricted my access to the account. The first senior manager told me they could not be recorded though they can record clients for quality assurance so once I started recording she literally hung the phone up on me stating her policy says she can't be recorded. The second senior manager of capital one states once asked about the specifics of this policy and where I could find this \" That is just it. It's just that policy '' giving me nothing to go off. When questioned about the accrediting of the account and the shut off she quickly became shaky with her words stuttering on them to answer my question which was If the account is accredited why did you shut the account off? If it was pass due why didn't it go to collections as I know capital one customers personally and this never happened to them and their accounts are in collections. She told me this is a good thing and that they accredited my security deposit. I told her that what they are doing is security fraud. How do you accredited the account but then shut it off that is also BREACH OF CONTRACT. She continued with the account was SET OFF. I told her that this is in violation of their own sec filing which states that setoff are usually sent to collections! I have receipts and documents to prove that the trust has been sent to them along with other relevant documents such as my right of subrogation and unauthorized shut off as I have sent them notice not to shut off my account. What I want is specific performance upon the security collateral which the account was accredited but shut off so unrestrict my account and follow the trust documents. Apply my tender of special deposit via money order and reimburse me as equitable beneficial title holder of the account with possession and ownership rights via the trust. As the grantor beneficiary I am here for the benifit and not the penalty. I have sent my authorization through my POA and I have all my receipts showing delivery to the indentured trustee of capital one. Yet my account was closed! Though my credit statement report shows a accrediting from Capital One of {$200.00} my account is yet still to be unrestricted. It also shows that the delinquent account has been deleted from my credit. This alone is evidence of mishandling of my accounts and security fraud which is breach of trust."
}

Chunk:
to collections as i know capital one customers personally and this never happened to them and their accounts are in collections. she told me this is a good thing and that they accredited my security deposit. i told her that what they are doing is security fraud. how do you accredited the account but then shut it off that is also breach of contract. she continued with the account was set off. i told her that this is in violation of their own sec filing which states that setoff are usually sent to collections! i have receipts and documents to prove that the trust has been sent to them along with other relevant documents such as my right of subrogation and unauthorized shut off as i have sent them notice not to shut off my account. what i want is specific performance upon the security collateral which the account was accredited but shut off so unrestrict my account and follow the trust documents. apply my tender of special deposit via money order and reimburse me as equitable beneficial title holder of the account with possession and ownership rights via the trust. as the grantor beneficiary i am here for the benifit and not the penalty. i have sent my authorization through my poa and i have all my receipts showing delivery to the indentured trustee of capital one. yet my account was closed! though my credit statement report shows a accrediting from capital one of { $ 200. 00 } my account is yet still to be unrestricted. it also shows that the delinquent account has been deleted from my credit. this alone is evidence of mishandling of my accounts and security fraud which is breach of trust.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990384578704834
}
