Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9032729,
  "complaint_id": "9032729",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Synchrony bank closed an account ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) with someone's personal slanderous, maligning opinion. \" Activity in account ( XXXX ) with synchrony bank indicative of high risk of \" failure to pay. '' Account they are referring to has never had a late payment ever and I did NOT enroll this account as I felt justified in paying entire amount. Second I am in a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, in which I have already settled 75 % accounts with these bloodsuckers including their \" inflation '' charges. They put another negative statement on my credit where it would have shown I paid it all off and closed in good standing. If I were at high risk of failure to pay, why are they getting paid above principal on amounts they have jacked up another 30 % bs fees on? This company is NOT willing to work with consumers. Until you bring in a third party, they are worthless. This company is an ambulance chaser buying up all credit card companies, putting the working person in financial bankruptcy. I could have filed, or just not paid a dime and let them write them all off. Really motivates me to NOT want to pay these vampires another dime on any remaining accounts.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "985XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "Synchrony bank closed an account ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) with someone's personal slanderous, maligning opinion. \" Activity in account ( XXXX ) with synchrony bank indicative of high risk of \" failure to pay. '' Account they are referring to has never had a late payment ever and I did NOT enroll this account as I felt justified in paying entire amount. Second I am in a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, in which I have already settled 75 % accounts with these bloodsuckers including their \" inflation '' charges. They put another negative statement on my credit where it would have shown I paid it all off and closed in good standing. If I were at high risk of failure to pay, why are they getting paid above principal on amounts they have jacked up another 30 % bs fees on? This company is NOT willing to work with consumers. Until you bring in a third party, they are worthless. This company is an ambulance chaser buying up all credit card companies, putting the working person in financial bankruptcy. I could have filed, or just not paid a dime and let them write them all off. Really motivates me to NOT want to pay these vampires another dime on any remaining accounts."
}

Chunk:
synchrony bank closed an account ( xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx ) with someone's personal slanderous, maligning opinion. " activity in account ( xxxx ) with synchrony bank indicative of high risk of " failure to pay.'' account they are referring to has never had a late payment ever and i did not enroll this account as i felt justified in paying entire amount. second i am in a xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, in which i have already settled 75 % accounts with these bloodsuckers including their " inflation'' charges. they put another negative statement on my credit where it would have shown i paid it all off and closed in good standing. if i were at high risk of failure to pay, why are they getting paid above principal on amounts they have jacked up another 30 % bs fees on? this company is not willing to work with consumers. until you bring in a third party, they are worthless. this company is an ambulance chaser buying up all credit card companies, putting the working person in financial bankruptcy. i could have filed, or just not paid a dime and let them write them all off. really motivates me to not want to pay these vampires another dime on any remaining accounts.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999466598033905
}
