Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9019339,
  "complaint_id": "9019339",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Hello. I received an email from Synchrony regarding my credit card statements for my At Home Insider Perks Mastercard. The email states that starting in XXXX of 2024 they will be charging me a {$1.00} fee to receive paper statements. The only way to avoid the fee is to change to paperless statements. I understand the desire to go paperless however every time I try to access my account information via the At Home app it never works. I get the login page and then it just spins and spins so I can not get to my account information. So I have chosen to keep getting the paper statement. If their app worked as it was supposed to I might choose to go paperless however I still don't feel it is acceptable to charge a fee for choosing to receive your statements on paper. For others who may not have internet or may not be able to use computers or technology very well this could be a major issue and to charge a fee for this seems wrong. \nI have attached a copy of the email I received. \n\nThank you very much for your time and consideration.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "45140",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "Hello. I received an email from Synchrony regarding my credit card statements for my At Home Insider Perks Mastercard. The email states that starting in XXXX of 2024 they will be charging me a {$1.00} fee to receive paper statements. The only way to avoid the fee is to change to paperless statements. I understand the desire to go paperless however every time I try to access my account information via the At Home app it never works. I get the login page and then it just spins and spins so I can not get to my account information. So I have chosen to keep getting the paper statement. If their app worked as it was supposed to I might choose to go paperless however I still don't feel it is acceptable to charge a fee for choosing to receive your statements on paper. For others who may not have internet or may not be able to use computers or technology very well this could be a major issue and to charge a fee for this seems wrong. \nI have attached a copy of the email I received. \n\nThank you very much for your time and consideration."
}

Chunk:
hello. i received an email from synchrony regarding my credit card statements for my at home insider perks mastercard. the email states that starting in xxxx of 2024 they will be charging me a { $ 1. 00 } fee to receive paper statements. the only way to avoid the fee is to change to paperless statements. i understand the desire to go paperless however every time i try to access my account information via the at home app it never works. i get the login page and then it just spins and spins so i can not get to my account information. so i have chosen to keep getting the paper statement. if their app worked as it was supposed to i might choose to go paperless however i still don't feel it is acceptable to charge a fee for choosing to receive your statements on paper. for others who may not have internet or may not be able to use computers or technology very well this could be a major issue and to charge a fee for this seems wrong. i have attached a copy of the email i received. thank you very much for your time and consideration.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993846416473389
}
