Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9628394,
  "complaint_id": "9628394",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Citi Bank has closed all my credit cards with them which includes my two Home Depot credit cards, Macys amex card, and Citi world elite master card. Citi banks explanation for closing my accounts was \" shows you have too many open revolving credit accounts '' This is a false cause because I have not had any new accounts for over 3 years and I don't have that many accounts. My credit has been exactly the same for the past 4 years and I have been with citi since 2017 and have never missed a payment nor any delinquencies. My credit is over an XXXX score and I don't have any lates or discrepancies. Citi has been recently fined by the cfpb for closing bank accounts for XXXX  people with last name ending in XXXX or XXXX. I am a victim of this XXXX. I will move forward with a lawyer if citi does not re open my accounts because this is XXXX  and discrimination just because I am an XXXX. I have had credit for over 20 years and never had a bank close my accounts ever. I have wonderful credit which I have proof of. Citi bank must reopen all my account I have had years of wonderful credit history with them and never gave a reason for an account closure. The only explanation as my lawyer said was me being XXXX. Please help me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "91504",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "Citi Bank has closed all my credit cards with them which includes my two Home Depot credit cards, Macys amex card, and Citi world elite master card. Citi banks explanation for closing my accounts was \" shows you have too many open revolving credit accounts '' This is a false cause because I have not had any new accounts for over 3 years and I don't have that many accounts. My credit has been exactly the same for the past 4 years and I have been with citi since 2017 and have never missed a payment nor any delinquencies. My credit is over an XXXX score and I don't have any lates or discrepancies. Citi has been recently fined by the cfpb for closing bank accounts for XXXX  people with last name ending in XXXX or XXXX. I am a victim of this XXXX. I will move forward with a lawyer if citi does not re open my accounts because this is XXXX  and discrimination just because I am an XXXX. I have had credit for over 20 years and never had a bank close my accounts ever. I have wonderful credit which I have proof of. Citi bank must reopen all my account I have had years of wonderful credit history with them and never gave a reason for an account closure. The only explanation as my lawyer said was me being XXXX. Please help me."
}

Chunk:
citi bank has closed all my credit cards with them which includes my two home depot credit cards, macys amex card, and citi world elite master card. citi banks explanation for closing my accounts was " shows you have too many open revolving credit accounts'' this is a false cause because i have not had any new accounts for over 3 years and i don't have that many accounts. my credit has been exactly the same for the past 4 years and i have been with citi since 2017 and have never missed a payment nor any delinquencies. my credit is over an xxxx score and i don't have any lates or discrepancies. citi has been recently fined by the cfpb for closing bank accounts for xxxx people with last name ending in xxxx or xxxx. i am a victim of this xxxx. i will move forward with a lawyer if citi does not re open my accounts because this is xxxx and discrimination just because i am an xxxx. i have had credit for over 20 years and never had a bank close my accounts ever. i have wonderful credit which i have proof of. citi bank must reopen all my account i have had years of wonderful credit history with them and never gave a reason for an account closure. the only explanation as my lawyer said was me being xxxx. please help me.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9974225759506226
}
