Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9019421,
  "complaint_id": "9019421",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX I was hacked by my landlord with the permission of XXXX XXXX. My checking was hacked on XX/XX/XXXX XXXX.When I noticed that I got locked out of my online account I contacted Capital One to find out why. The CSR associate told me that I got locked out due to suspicious activity that they noticed on my account. I confirmed that my email and phone were hacked with XXXX 's consent. My checking was immediately closed and I was issued a new card. Not only was my checking compromised but in XXXX my credit card payments started being returned and this never occurred since I had the credit card since XXXX. I've never had Any problems with making payments on time which is the XXXX of every month. When I was no longer employed because I work seasonally due to the XXXX I have. I started to pay the $ XXXX minimum every time and on time. The bank or the hacker started returning my credit card payments in XXXX XXXX. I've never had any payments returned up to when the hacking incident occurred and I can prove it. It always went through in a day or XXXX. On XX/XX/XXXX I contacted Capital One about the payments being returned and that I was certain that this was linked to me being currently hacked. I requested that my account be closed and asked that a new card be mailed to me. The CSR rep said that she would send me a new card and the old account would be immediately closed. A couple days later Capital One sent me a letter acknowledging my concern and told me the account was closed. They have since increased my payments due to the alleged non payments and they have denied the fact that it was I who requested to have the account closed. They have put fraudulent information on my credit report such as payment amounts and have brought my credit XXXX points lower from what it was. Which I will and have attempted to dispute with XXXX. I am concerned that this is going to be an ongoing issue with Capital One. An issue of having my payments returned as they have been doing for the last XXXX months. I can prove everything I have just stated in a court of law. Capital One has added injury to insult by penalizing a victim of illegal criminal hacking by my landlord and XXXX XXXX. I would like them to remove the fraudulent statements they've placed on my credit and to reimburse my credit rating back to what it was before this criminal incidence.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "103XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX I was hacked by my landlord with the permission of XXXX XXXX. My checking was hacked on XX/XX/XXXX XXXX.When I noticed that I got locked out of my online account I contacted Capital One to find out why. The CSR associate told me that I got locked out due to suspicious activity that they noticed on my account. I confirmed that my email and phone were hacked with XXXX 's consent. My checking was immediately closed and I was issued a new card. Not only was my checking compromised but in XXXX my credit card payments started being returned and this never occurred since I had the credit card since XXXX. I've never had Any problems with making payments on time which is the XXXX of every month. When I was no longer employed because I work seasonally due to the XXXX I have. I started to pay the $ XXXX minimum every time and on time. The bank or the hacker started returning my credit card payments in XXXX XXXX. I've never had any payments returned up to when the hacking incident occurred and I can prove it. It always went through in a day or XXXX. On XX/XX/XXXX I contacted Capital One about the payments being returned and that I was certain that this was linked to me being currently hacked. I requested that my account be closed and asked that a new card be mailed to me. The CSR rep said that she would send me a new card and the old account would be immediately closed. A couple days later Capital One sent me a letter acknowledging my concern and told me the account was closed. They have since increased my payments due to the alleged non payments and they have denied the fact that it was I who requested to have the account closed. They have put fraudulent information on my credit report such as payment amounts and have brought my credit XXXX points lower from what it was. Which I will and have attempted to dispute with XXXX. I am concerned that this is going to be an ongoing issue with Capital One. An issue of having my payments returned as they have been doing for the last XXXX months. I can prove everything I have just stated in a court of law. Capital One has added injury to insult by penalizing a victim of illegal criminal hacking by my landlord and XXXX XXXX. I would like them to remove the fraudulent statements they've placed on my credit and to reimburse my credit rating back to what it was before this criminal incidence."
}

Chunk:
incidence.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.7279134392738342
}
