Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9223817,
  "complaint_id": "9223817",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I purchased a mattress on line from Macys. I was offered a promotional deferred interest payment plan. Now that the one year promotion has expired I am being charged 35 % interest ( {$790.00}. over and above the cost of the mattress ) and a late fee every month that the entire promotional balance is not paid in full. During the one year promotional time I made regular payments to my account all of which went to my revolving account and nothing towards the promotional balance. I was unaware that this was happening. It is virtually impossible to view the details of the monthly statement on line. In order to see the monthly statement in full one must call and have the statement snail mailed. I was also unaware that in order to have any of the monthly payments allocated to the promotional balance that I would need to call each month and request that my payment be allocated to the promotional balance. Its all smoke and mirrors and a terrible way to do business. Its literally robbery!!",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "60649",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Charged too much interest",
  "text": "I purchased a mattress on line from Macys. I was offered a promotional deferred interest payment plan. Now that the one year promotion has expired I am being charged 35 % interest ( {$790.00}. over and above the cost of the mattress ) and a late fee every month that the entire promotional balance is not paid in full. During the one year promotional time I made regular payments to my account all of which went to my revolving account and nothing towards the promotional balance. I was unaware that this was happening. It is virtually impossible to view the details of the monthly statement on line. In order to see the monthly statement in full one must call and have the statement snail mailed. I was also unaware that in order to have any of the monthly payments allocated to the promotional balance that I would need to call each month and request that my payment be allocated to the promotional balance. Its all smoke and mirrors and a terrible way to do business. Its literally robbery!!"
}

Chunk:
i purchased a mattress on line from macys. i was offered a promotional deferred interest payment plan. now that the one year promotion has expired i am being charged 35 % interest ( { $ 790. 00 }. over and above the cost of the mattress ) and a late fee every month that the entire promotional balance is not paid in full. during the one year promotional time i made regular payments to my account all of which went to my revolving account and nothing towards the promotional balance. i was unaware that this was happening. it is virtually impossible to view the details of the monthly statement on line. in order to see the monthly statement in full one must call and have the statement snail mailed. i was also unaware that in order to have any of the monthly payments allocated to the promotional balance that i would need to call each month and request that my payment be allocated to the promotional balance. its all smoke and mirrors and a terrible way to do business. its literally robbery!!

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994677901268005
}
