Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9453474,
  "complaint_id": "9453474",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Hello, I went to Lowes and made a payment in person on my Lowes credit card. I was going to be traveling so I asked the associate to take the full payment and pay off my balance. I told the associate I was going to be traveling. They took my payment and told me my account was paid in full. Today, On XX/XX/XXXX, I noticed I had received a bill from Lowes in this bill. I had late fees in XXXX and additional fees in XXXX. When I spoke to the associate on the phone through the Lowes credit card, they told me that store employees cant take full payments. I informed them that the associate in the store told me my balance was paid in full because I was traveling. The store employees are representatives of, the credit card and that should be honored. I now have late fees because I wasnt even in town to receive a bill yet. The credit card company has said that they would not be able to do anything for me. And that I am required for the entire balance now {$10.00}. Personally, I believe this is whats called debate and switch because I was told by the Lowes in store rep that I had paid my account in full only to find that now I have these extra fees and I feel thats very predatory for consumers.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "90250",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-07-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "Hello, I went to Lowes and made a payment in person on my Lowes credit card. I was going to be traveling so I asked the associate to take the full payment and pay off my balance. I told the associate I was going to be traveling. They took my payment and told me my account was paid in full. Today, On XX/XX/XXXX, I noticed I had received a bill from Lowes in this bill. I had late fees in XXXX and additional fees in XXXX. When I spoke to the associate on the phone through the Lowes credit card, they told me that store employees cant take full payments. I informed them that the associate in the store told me my balance was paid in full because I was traveling. The store employees are representatives of, the credit card and that should be honored. I now have late fees because I wasnt even in town to receive a bill yet. The credit card company has said that they would not be able to do anything for me. And that I am required for the entire balance now {$10.00}. Personally, I believe this is whats called debate and switch because I was told by the Lowes in store rep that I had paid my account in full only to find that now I have these extra fees and I feel thats very predatory for consumers."
}

Chunk:
hello, i went to lowes and made a payment in person on my lowes credit card. i was going to be traveling so i asked the associate to take the full payment and pay off my balance. i told the associate i was going to be traveling. they took my payment and told me my account was paid in full. today, on xx / xx / xxxx, i noticed i had received a bill from lowes in this bill. i had late fees in xxxx and additional fees in xxxx. when i spoke to the associate on the phone through the lowes credit card, they told me that store employees cant take full payments. i informed them that the associate in the store told me my balance was paid in full because i was traveling. the store employees are representatives of, the credit card and that should be honored. i now have late fees because i wasnt even in town to receive a bill yet. the credit card company has said that they would not be able to do anything for me. and that i am required for the entire balance now { $ 10. 00 }. personally, i believe this is whats called debate and switch because i was told by the lowes in store rep that i had paid my account in full only to find that now i have these extra fees and i feel thats very predatory for consumers.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992732405662537
}
