Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9660790,
  "complaint_id": "9660790",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am reaching out regarding my Aspire Credit card issued by the XXXX XXXX XXXX. Back at the end of XXXX my card was lost and I contacted Aspire customer service to report that my card was missing, to my surprise I realized that my card was not actually lost that it had been stolen because I had multiple fraudulent transactions, which they happily assisted me with. I received the provisional credit and subsequently received a letter asking me for additional to which I supplied the information requested by the bank. Its been exactly 89 days and my card was lost walking into the mall, I assume as I do not really know the details exactly how the card was lost other than I know my card was missing along with the inner part of my wallet and my id. Not only did they reverse the I ended up having to get a new ID as well. I notified the bank and everything seemed to be ok. I logged into my account this morning to see that my previously resolved case that was credited to my account for the fraud had been reversed and was told even previously told that it was found in my favor. I spoke with Customer Service and they told me and read me the notes from the investigation team that stated because I have another recent claim within 2 months, which it was not, they denied the first claim as well and Reversed it because they claim it could not be fraud. This is absolutely ridiculous. I asked previously if I should file a police report from back in XXXX and was told no, I was again told no on the second report but despite being told no, I didnt need it I actually did file a police report with my local police department, report XXXX was filed with the XXXX Police department for the most recent incident. How are they claiming this is not fraud. Most of these transactions were made during my working hours, and with companies I have never even done business with. They should not be holding me accountable for fraudulent charges, its not my fault their system did not catch these, especially considering I rarely use the card and charges just start coming in back to back on an account thats rarely used. This not acceptable. This was fraud and I did not participate or benefit from the transactions and did what I was supposed to do and notified the credit card company as soon as I learned about the fraud. Not only did the reverse the previously approved fraud they reversed valid fraud charges to the account and closed it!!",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "37363",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Atlanticus Services Corporation",
  "date_received": "2024-07-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I am reaching out regarding my Aspire Credit card issued by the XXXX XXXX XXXX. Back at the end of XXXX my card was lost and I contacted Aspire customer service to report that my card was missing, to my surprise I realized that my card was not actually lost that it had been stolen because I had multiple fraudulent transactions, which they happily assisted me with. I received the provisional credit and subsequently received a letter asking me for additional to which I supplied the information requested by the bank. Its been exactly 89 days and my card was lost walking into the mall, I assume as I do not really know the details exactly how the card was lost other than I know my card was missing along with the inner part of my wallet and my id. Not only did they reverse the I ended up having to get a new ID as well. I notified the bank and everything seemed to be ok. I logged into my account this morning to see that my previously resolved case that was credited to my account for the fraud had been reversed and was told even previously told that it was found in my favor. I spoke with Customer Service and they told me and read me the notes from the investigation team that stated because I have another recent claim within 2 months, which it was not, they denied the first claim as well and Reversed it because they claim it could not be fraud. This is absolutely ridiculous. I asked previously if I should file a police report from back in XXXX and was told no, I was again told no on the second report but despite being told no, I didnt need it I actually did file a police report with my local police department, report XXXX was filed with the XXXX Police department for the most recent incident. How are they claiming this is not fraud. Most of these transactions were made during my working hours, and with companies I have never even done business with. They should not be holding me accountable for fraudulent charges, its not my fault their system did not catch these, especially considering I rarely use the card and charges just start coming in back to back on an account thats rarely used. This not acceptable. This was fraud and I did not participate or benefit from the transactions and did what I was supposed to do and notified the credit card company as soon as I learned about the fraud. Not only did the reverse the previously approved fraud they reversed valid fraud charges to the account and closed it!!"
}

Chunk:
i am reaching out regarding my aspire credit card issued by the xxxx xxxx xxxx. back at the end of xxxx my card was lost and i contacted aspire customer service to report that my card was missing, to my surprise i realized that my card was not actually lost that it had been stolen because i had multiple fraudulent transactions, which they happily assisted me with. i received the provisional credit and subsequently received a letter asking me for additional to which i supplied the information requested by the bank. its been exactly 89 days and my card was lost walking into the mall, i assume as i do not really know the details exactly how the card was lost other than i know my card was missing along with the inner part of my wallet and my id. not only did they reverse the i ended up having to get a new id as well. i notified the bank and everything seemed to be ok. i logged into my account this morning to see that my previously resolved case that was credited to my account for the fraud had been reversed and was told even previously told that it was found in my favor. i spoke with customer service and they told me and read me the notes from the investigation team that stated because i have another recent claim within 2 months, which it was not, they denied the first claim as well and reversed it because they claim it could not be fraud. this is absolutely ridiculous. i asked previously if i should file a police report from back in xxxx and was told no, i was again told no on the second report but despite being told no, i didnt need it i actually did file a police report with my local police department, report xxxx was filed with the xxxx police department for the most recent incident. how are they claiming this is not fraud. most of these transactions were made during my working hours, and with companies i have never even done business with. they should not be holding me accountable for fraudulent charges, its not my fault their system did not catch these, especially considering i rarely use the card and charges just start coming in back to back on an account thats rarely used. this not acceptable. this was fraud and i did not participate or benefit from the transactions and did what i was supposed to do and notified the credit card company as soon as i learned about the fraud. not only did the reverse the previously approved fraud they reversed valid fraud charges to the account and closed it!!

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9931842684745789
}
