Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9607392,
  "complaint_id": "9607392",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I want you to know that I understand my financial obligation, and if it werent for an unexpected death and a XXXX  XXXX from very close relatives affecting my household and income, I would have been able to continue making on time payments. I had to request personal unpaid time off from work for a mental break. I made a mistake in failing behind, but since then, I have been able to return back to work full-time. I can now officially pick up where I started and continue on a clean slate. \nIm planning to apply for a mortgage loan, and its come to my attention that the missed payment on my record could hurt my ability to qualify. I truly believe that it doesnt reflect my creditworthiness and commitment to repaying my debts. It would help me immensely if you could give me a second chance and make a goodwill adjustment to remove the late payments and update my account on all 3 credit bureaus.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Struggling to pay your bill",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "310XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Prosper Marketplace, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't work with you while you're going through financial hardship",
  "text": "I want you to know that I understand my financial obligation, and if it werent for an unexpected death and a XXXX  XXXX from very close relatives affecting my household and income, I would have been able to continue making on time payments. I had to request personal unpaid time off from work for a mental break. I made a mistake in failing behind, but since then, I have been able to return back to work full-time. I can now officially pick up where I started and continue on a clean slate. \nIm planning to apply for a mortgage loan, and its come to my attention that the missed payment on my record could hurt my ability to qualify. I truly believe that it doesnt reflect my creditworthiness and commitment to repaying my debts. It would help me immensely if you could give me a second chance and make a goodwill adjustment to remove the late payments and update my account on all 3 credit bureaus."
}

Chunk:
i want you to know that i understand my financial obligation, and if it werent for an unexpected death and a xxxx xxxx from very close relatives affecting my household and income, i would have been able to continue making on time payments. i had to request personal unpaid time off from work for a mental break. i made a mistake in failing behind, but since then, i have been able to return back to work full - time. i can now officially pick up where i started and continue on a clean slate. im planning to apply for a mortgage loan, and its come to my attention that the missed payment on my record could hurt my ability to qualify. i truly believe that it doesnt reflect my creditworthiness and commitment to repaying my debts. it would help me immensely if you could give me a second chance and make a goodwill adjustment to remove the late payments and update my account on all 3 credit bureaus.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9972444772720337
}
