Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9352385,
  "complaint_id": "9352385",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Dear Paypal, I am writing to formally request a refund for a charge made to my credit account for a service on XXXX that I neither subscribed to nor used. The charge in question was unauthorized. On the same day and within the same hour I noticed the transaction, I contacted your customer service department to report the fraudulent charge. I expressed my concern and requested an immediate resolution. Following my report, I contacted XXXX directly to cancel any services that may have been erroneously linked to my account. I have provided your team with documentation confirming that I requested the cancellation and did not authorize the charge. During my investigation, I discovered multiple reports and complaints from other customers indicating that XXXX has a history of charging users ' cards without proper authorization or consent. I shared this information with your team to highlight the fraudulent nature of the charge. Despite my efforts and the evidence provided, your institution processed the charge for XXXX, forcing me to temporarily pay to avoid incurring interest, which has caused me significant inconvenience and financial strain. I felt coerced, the payment made was only temporary to avoid further financial penalties, even though I do not agree with or acknowledge the legitimacy of the charge.\n\nAs a longstanding customer with a credible history, I expect my financial institution to protect my interests and address fraudulent activities promptly and effectively. Failing to do so is a disservice to your institution, as you may not be aware of the number of customers who stand behind me. I am asking you to reimburse the full amount of the unauthorized charge to my account and to implement measures to prevent such incidents in the future and ensure that your customers are protected from unauthorized transactions from companies like XXXX. I trust that you will treat this matter with the urgency and seriousness it deserves.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "07106",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "Dear Paypal, I am writing to formally request a refund for a charge made to my credit account for a service on XXXX that I neither subscribed to nor used. The charge in question was unauthorized. On the same day and within the same hour I noticed the transaction, I contacted your customer service department to report the fraudulent charge. I expressed my concern and requested an immediate resolution. Following my report, I contacted XXXX directly to cancel any services that may have been erroneously linked to my account. I have provided your team with documentation confirming that I requested the cancellation and did not authorize the charge. During my investigation, I discovered multiple reports and complaints from other customers indicating that XXXX has a history of charging users ' cards without proper authorization or consent. I shared this information with your team to highlight the fraudulent nature of the charge. Despite my efforts and the evidence provided, your institution processed the charge for XXXX, forcing me to temporarily pay to avoid incurring interest, which has caused me significant inconvenience and financial strain. I felt coerced, the payment made was only temporary to avoid further financial penalties, even though I do not agree with or acknowledge the legitimacy of the charge.\n\nAs a longstanding customer with a credible history, I expect my financial institution to protect my interests and address fraudulent activities promptly and effectively. Failing to do so is a disservice to your institution, as you may not be aware of the number of customers who stand behind me. I am asking you to reimburse the full amount of the unauthorized charge to my account and to implement measures to prevent such incidents in the future and ensure that your customers are protected from unauthorized transactions from companies like XXXX. I trust that you will treat this matter with the urgency and seriousness it deserves."
}

Chunk:
dear paypal, i am writing to formally request a refund for a charge made to my credit account for a service on xxxx that i neither subscribed to nor used. the charge in question was unauthorized. on the same day and within the same hour i noticed the transaction, i contacted your customer service department to report the fraudulent charge. i expressed my concern and requested an immediate resolution. following my report, i contacted xxxx directly to cancel any services that may have been erroneously linked to my account. i have provided your team with documentation confirming that i requested the cancellation and did not authorize the charge. during my investigation, i discovered multiple reports and complaints from other customers indicating that xxxx has a history of charging users'cards without proper authorization or consent. i shared this information with your team to highlight the fraudulent nature of the charge. despite my efforts and the evidence provided, your institution processed the charge for xxxx, forcing me to temporarily pay to avoid incurring interest, which has caused me significant inconvenience and financial strain. i felt coerced, the payment made was only temporary to avoid further financial penalties, even though i do not agree with or acknowledge the legitimacy of the charge. as a longstanding customer with a credible history, i expect my financial institution to protect my interests and address fraudulent activities promptly and effectively. failing to do so is a disservice to your institution, as you may not be aware of the number of customers who stand behind me. i am asking you to reimburse the full amount of the unauthorized charge to my account and to implement measures to prevent such incidents in the future and ensure that your customers are protected from unauthorized transactions from companies like xxxx. i trust that you will treat this matter with the urgency and seriousness it deserves.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9954760670661926
}
