Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9585749,
  "complaint_id": "9585749",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have been going back and forth with Citibank and they finally said that the charges were all fraud. However they could not tell me if they would drop all of the interest and late fees on the charges that were dropped. The I got a note from my bank that I ONCE AGAIN HAD A LATE FEE ON MY CREDIT REPORT! They now have come up with a new charge that they can not tell me which one it is. Supposedly it is XXXX. So they will not drop the extra charges that amount to XXXX. I am sick to death of being called a liar. I did not do any of these charges. To the tune of XXXX But this XXXX charge they will not dsimiss. Why? And they can't tell me which one it is. I am frustrated beyond belief. I would gladly pay the XXXX just to get them off my back but they will then come up with another charge. I really don't know where to turn. I have paid all of my bills for years in full and on time. Why would I start now to not do that. I had an 800+ credit score that is now down to XXXX. Tell me how this right and fair.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "530XX",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I have been going back and forth with Citibank and they finally said that the charges were all fraud. However they could not tell me if they would drop all of the interest and late fees on the charges that were dropped. The I got a note from my bank that I ONCE AGAIN HAD A LATE FEE ON MY CREDIT REPORT! They now have come up with a new charge that they can not tell me which one it is. Supposedly it is XXXX. So they will not drop the extra charges that amount to XXXX. I am sick to death of being called a liar. I did not do any of these charges. To the tune of XXXX But this XXXX charge they will not dsimiss. Why? And they can't tell me which one it is. I am frustrated beyond belief. I would gladly pay the XXXX just to get them off my back but they will then come up with another charge. I really don't know where to turn. I have paid all of my bills for years in full and on time. Why would I start now to not do that. I had an 800+ credit score that is now down to XXXX. Tell me how this right and fair."
}

Chunk:
i have been going back and forth with citibank and they finally said that the charges were all fraud. however they could not tell me if they would drop all of the interest and late fees on the charges that were dropped. the i got a note from my bank that i once again had a late fee on my credit report! they now have come up with a new charge that they can not tell me which one it is. supposedly it is xxxx. so they will not drop the extra charges that amount to xxxx. i am sick to death of being called a liar. i did not do any of these charges. to the tune of xxxx but this xxxx charge they will not dsimiss. why? and they can't tell me which one it is. i am frustrated beyond belief. i would gladly pay the xxxx just to get them off my back but they will then come up with another charge. i really don't know where to turn. i have paid all of my bills for years in full and on time. why would i start now to not do that. i had an 800 + credit score that is now down to xxxx. tell me how this right and fair.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991472959518433
}
