Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9041140,
  "complaint_id": "9041140",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "All I know is that I had a positive balance of {$720.00} and now my account is XXXX without any transactions. \n\nHere is the emails I sent to Chime with no response. I have the ticket numbers for every single call reference as well as everything stated is true I was lied to XXXX times and hung up on XXXX times in a period of XXXX hours by Asians and supervisors to no avail. They kept passing me back-and-forth from the member services to the dispute team both claim and they have no knowledge of how these charges happened. \n\n\nI had a positive balance of {$320.00} in my account as of today XX/XX/2024, approximately XXXX I got off of work to go get gas and my account said that my balance was - {$320.00}. I did not have any notifications or did not authorize any transaction upon calling Chime. I learned that it was an adjustment, but there is no claim to represent that I had disputed {$320.00} with XXXX ATM that did not disperse any funds. You guys denied the initial dispute and then you filed an approximately XXXX I got off of work to go get gas and my account said that my balance was - {$320.00}. I did not have any notifications or did not authorize any transaction upon calling Chime. I learned that it was a adjustment, but there is no claim to represent that I had disputed {$320.00} with XXXX ATM that did not disperse any funds. You guys denied the initial dispute and then you filed a charge back after I provided the police report, the chargeback was granted yesterday on XX/XX/2024 for the two transactions for {$320.00} each totaling {$640.00}. It is clear that this {$640.00} was taken back from my account making it - {$320.00} I was hung up on by an agent named XXXX at XXXX XXXX  on today then I was hung up on by an agent named XXXX at XXXX XXXX  today. Then I spoke to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ticket number XXXX at XXXX XXXX, who then honored my request to speak to a supervisor, I was transferred to supervisor XXXX to number XXXX. I spoke with XXXX for over an hour. He listened to the previous phone calls and was extending his apologies for being hung up on so many times, and the most terrible way. After doing some investigating on my account, XXXX informed me that he thinks that the merchants at the store are scamming me and have some sort of card copier, which I had not even heard of. We both agree that none of these transactions made sense given the fact that so much money was taken out of my account without any notification before or after and you guys at Chime could not decide who actually initiated this. The Disputes team says it was a adjustment so it had to be member services and member services said it is related to a claim so it had to be disputed, I was hung up on again by the supervisor XXXX, who assured me with his word, and who seems so genuine, even mentioning prayer please please please refer back to that phone call ticket number XXXX and give me the actual time and energy that I deserve as a valued member, who direct deposit his whole entire check to you guys just to be insulted and hung up on. And that would explain pretty much everything and detail but basically XXXX assured me that he would be speaking to a supervisor from the Disputes team and trying to get my funds credited. That was my rent money my children my XXXX daughters and I are now outside we were evicted, today was my last day to pay and I had the money. This is not some XXXX story. This is the gods honest truth. While I was on hold for XXXX minutes. Thinking that XXXX was a standup person. He disconnected the call as well as he assured me he wouldnt multiple times and he also lied about submitting my complaints against the agents nor did he leave accurate notes. I talk to an agent, XXXX, XXXX who again did not listen to anything that I said or take me seriously, and she, too hung up on me. My last attempt was with an agent named XXXX. XXXX. She didnt even read the entire thing before she just assured me that my issue was something that she couldnt help me with this. I found out that the card has also been used at the same ATM for {$400.00} to which I am not even able to have done because look at my phone location I was at work.! and the card is with me!!! The fact that you guys could take that much money out of my account and make it negative without even a notification on my phone or that merchants can just come into my account and just take money without you defending it and possibly the worst that your agents have disrespected me, cursed me out and hung up in my face and still get their checks from providing service to me. I dont know if this email will fall on deaf, ears or not but I just wanted to let you know that you guys have done it again you defeated me a good man. I took my children to the police station because I no longer take care of them and I am really contemplating taking my life. Its over I dont want the money I cant deal with this anymore. Im just at a loss for words. if you give any shit at all, I would just suggest to listen to that service request number from XXXX. The initial was to the representative but she transferred me to XXXX around XXXX XXXX from that time. Please have the decency to listen to that, and you will understand why I want to kill myself. I still dont even I had a positive balance of {$320.00} in my account as of today XX/XX/2024, approximately XXXX I got off of work to go get gas and my account said that my balance was - {$320.00}. I did not have any notifications or did not authorize any transaction upon calling Chime. I learned that it was an adjustment, but there is no claim to represent that I had disputed {$320.00} with XXXX ATM that did not disperse any funds. You guys denied the initial dispute and then you filed an approximately XXXX I got off of work to go get gas and my account said that my balance was - {$320.00}. I did not have any notifications or did not authorize any transaction upon calling Chime. I learned that it was a adjustment, but there is no claim to represent that I had disputed {$320.00} with XXXX ATM that did not disperse any funds. You guys denied the initial dispute and then you filed a charge back after I provided the police report, the chargeback was granted yesterday on XX/XX/2024 for the two transactions for {$320.00} each totaling {$640.00}. It is clear that this {$640.00} was taken back from my account making it - {$320.00} I was hung up on by an agent named XXXX at XXXX XXXX  on today then I was hung up on by an agent named XXXX at XXXX XXXX today. Then I spoke to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ticket number XXXX at XXXX XXXX, who then honored my request to speak to a supervisor, I was transferred to supervisor XXXX to number XXXX. I spoke with XXXX for over an hour. He listened to the previous phone calls and was extending his apologies for being hung up on so many times, and the most terrible way. After doing some investigating on my account, XXXX informed me that he thinks that the merchants at the store are scamming me and have some sort of card copier, which I had not even heard of. We both agree that none of these transactions made sense given the fact that so much money was taken out of my account without any notification before or after and you guys at Chime could not decide who actually initiated this. The Disputes team says it was a adjustment so it had to be member services and member services said it is related to a claim so it had to be disputed, I was hung up on again by the supervisor XXXX, who assured me with his word, and who seems so genuine, even mentioning prayer please please please refer back to that phone call ticket number XXXX and give me the actual time and energy that I deserve as a valued member, who direct deposit his whole entire check to you guys just to be insulted and hung up on. And that would explain pretty much everything and detail but basically XXXX assured me that he would be speaking to a supervisor from the Disputes team and trying to get my funds credited. That was my rent money my children my XXXX daughters and I are now outside we were evicted, today was my last day to pay and I had the money. This is not some XXXX story. This is the gods honest truth. While I was on hold for XXXX minutes. Thinking that XXXX was a standup person. He disconnected the call as well as he assured me he wouldnt multiple times and he also lied about submitting my complaints against the agents nor did he leave accurate notes. I talk to an agent, XXXX, XXXX who again did not listen to anything that I said or take me seriously, and she, too hung up on me. My last attempt was with an agent named XXXX. XXXX. She didnt even read the entire thing before she just assured me that my issue was something that she couldnt help me with this. I found out that the card has also been used at the same ATM for {$400.00} to which I am not even able to have done because look at my phone location I was at work.! and the card is with me!!! The fact that you guys could take that much money out of my account and make it negative without even a notification on my phone or that merchants can just come into my account and just take money without you defending it and possibly the worst that your agents have disrespected me, cursed me out and hung up in my face and still get their checks from providing service to me. I dont know if this email will fall on deaf, ears or not but I just wanted to let you know that you guys have done it again you defeated me a good man. I took my children to the police station because I no longer take care of them and I am really contemplating taking my life. Its over I dont want the money I cant deal with this anymore. Im just at a loss for words. if you give any shit at all, I would just suggest to listen to that service request number from XXXX. The initial was to the representative but she transferred me to XXXX around XXXX XXXX  from that time. Please have the decency to listen to that, and you will understand why I want to kill myself. who this merchant is that took all this money nobody ever told me. \n\n\n\n\nIn regards to my last email inquiring as to how my account went from {$320.00} to - {$320.00} with no notification or transaction. This is a history of what went down today. I was hung up on by XXXX at XXXX. I was hung up on by XXXX at XXXX XXXX connected me to supervisor XXXX at XXXX ticket number XXXX XXXX assured me that I would get my money back immediately and that he would just reach out to a supervisor on the Disputes team, he then disconnected the call. I called back and talk to XXXX who was extremely rude to number XXXX. I then was hung up on her and put on the phone call back and was connected to XXXX ticket number XXXX who hung up on me and lied XXXX also hung up on me. XXXX after assuring me that he would never do such a thing and he also told me that you guys dont even have an email address to reach. XXXX was very interesting. XXXX he tried to give me a false ticket number in the first XXXX seconds of our conversation to which I called him out, and he immediately humbled himself and actually connected me to a supervisor XXXX, who, after a delay in the call, had us talking over each other and I said XXXX sorry you have the floor set quietly on the phone for XXXX minutes before I told her that I am going to use these calls in court then she transferred me to the Disputes team and left notes that I did not say, please refer to these calls I was transferred to XXXX, who had the most sweet, sympathetic voice of them all and assured me that she would do her best in order to assist me. I told her that I know what shes going to do. Shes going to act like shes transferring the call and disconnect she swore to God she wasnt and did exactly that I still dont know where these charges came from. Ive been told XXXX XXXX by the member services team that it was the dispute and Ive been told an equal amount of times that it was member services. Ive talked to you guys XXXX times today and I still have no answers but my account is missing {$640.00}. I dont know what else to do or who else to reach out to.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "92115",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Chime Financial Inc",
  "date_received": "2024-05-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "All I know is that I had a positive balance of {$720.00} and now my account is XXXX without any transactions. \n\nHere is the emails I sent to Chime with no response. I have the ticket numbers for every single call reference as well as everything stated is true I was lied to XXXX times and hung up on XXXX times in a period of XXXX hours by Asians and supervisors to no avail. They kept passing me back-and-forth from the member services to the dispute team both claim and they have no knowledge of how these charges happened. \n\n\nI had a positive balance of {$320.00} in my account as of today XX/XX/2024, approximately XXXX I got off of work to go get gas and my account said that my balance was - {$320.00}. I did not have any notifications or did not authorize any transaction upon calling Chime. I learned that it was an adjustment, but there is no claim to represent that I had disputed {$320.00} with XXXX ATM that did not disperse any funds. You guys denied the initial dispute and then you filed an approximately XXXX I got off of work to go get gas and my account said that my balance was - {$320.00}. I did not have any notifications or did not authorize any transaction upon calling Chime. I learned that it was a adjustment, but there is no claim to represent that I had disputed {$320.00} with XXXX ATM that did not disperse any funds. You guys denied the initial dispute and then you filed a charge back after I provided the police report, the chargeback was granted yesterday on XX/XX/2024 for the two transactions for {$320.00} each totaling {$640.00}. It is clear that this {$640.00} was taken back from my account making it - {$320.00} I was hung up on by an agent named XXXX at XXXX XXXX  on today then I was hung up on by an agent named XXXX at XXXX XXXX  today. Then I spoke to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ticket number XXXX at XXXX XXXX, who then honored my request to speak to a supervisor, I was transferred to supervisor XXXX to number XXXX. I spoke with XXXX for over an hour. He listened to the previous phone calls and was extending his apologies for being hung up on so many times, and the most terrible way. After doing some investigating on my account, XXXX informed me that he thinks that the merchants at the store are scamming me and have some sort of card copier, which I had not even heard of. We both agree that none of these transactions made sense given the fact that so much money was taken out of my account without any notification before or after and you guys at Chime could not decide who actually initiated this. The Disputes team says it was a adjustment so it had to be member services and member services said it is related to a claim so it had to be disputed, I was hung up on again by the supervisor XXXX, who assured me with his word, and who seems so genuine, even mentioning prayer please please please refer back to that phone call ticket number XXXX and give me the actual time and energy that I deserve as a valued member, who direct deposit his whole entire check to you guys just to be insulted and hung up on. And that would explain pretty much everything and detail but basically XXXX assured me that he would be speaking to a supervisor from the Disputes team and trying to get my funds credited. That was my rent money my children my XXXX daughters and I are now outside we were evicted, today was my last day to pay and I had the money. This is not some XXXX story. This is the gods honest truth. While I was on hold for XXXX minutes. Thinking that XXXX was a standup person. He disconnected the call as well as he assured me he wouldnt multiple times and he also lied about submitting my complaints against the agents nor did he leave accurate notes. I talk to an agent, XXXX, XXXX who again did not listen to anything that I said or take me seriously, and she, too hung up on me. My last attempt was with an agent named XXXX. XXXX. She didnt even read the entire thing before she just assured me that my issue was something that she couldnt help me with this. I found out that the card has also been used at the same ATM for {$400.00} to which I am not even able to have done because look at my phone location I was at work.! and the card is with me!!! The fact that you guys could take that much money out of my account and make it negative without even a notification on my phone or that merchants can just come into my account and just take money without you defending it and possibly the worst that your agents have disrespected me, cursed me out and hung up in my face and still get their checks from providing service to me. I dont know if this email will fall on deaf, ears or not but I just wanted to let you know that you guys have done it again you defeated me a good man. I took my children to the police station because I no longer take care of them and I am really contemplating taking my life. Its over I dont want the money I cant deal with this anymore. Im just at a loss for words. if you give any shit at all, I would just suggest to listen to that service request number from XXXX. The initial was to the representative but she transferred me to XXXX around XXXX XXXX from that time. Please have the decency to listen to that, and you will understand why I want to kill myself. I still dont even I had a positive balance of {$320.00} in my account as of today XX/XX/2024, approximately XXXX I got off of work to go get gas and my account said that my balance was - {$320.00}. I did not have any notifications or did not authorize any transaction upon calling Chime. I learned that it was an adjustment, but there is no claim to represent that I had disputed {$320.00} with XXXX ATM that did not disperse any funds. You guys denied the initial dispute and then you filed an approximately XXXX I got off of work to go get gas and my account said that my balance was - {$320.00}. I did not have any notifications or did not authorize any transaction upon calling Chime. I learned that it was a adjustment, but there is no claim to represent that I had disputed {$320.00} with XXXX ATM that did not disperse any funds. You guys denied the initial dispute and then you filed a charge back after I provided the police report, the chargeback was granted yesterday on XX/XX/2024 for the two transactions for {$320.00} each totaling {$640.00}. It is clear that this {$640.00} was taken back from my account making it - {$320.00} I was hung up on by an agent named XXXX at XXXX XXXX  on today then I was hung up on by an agent named XXXX at XXXX XXXX today. Then I spoke to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ticket number XXXX at XXXX XXXX, who then honored my request to speak to a supervisor, I was transferred to supervisor XXXX to number XXXX. I spoke with XXXX for over an hour. He listened to the previous phone calls and was extending his apologies for being hung up on so many times, and the most terrible way. After doing some investigating on my account, XXXX informed me that he thinks that the merchants at the store are scamming me and have some sort of card copier, which I had not even heard of. We both agree that none of these transactions made sense given the fact that so much money was taken out of my account without any notification before or after and you guys at Chime could not decide who actually initiated this. The Disputes team says it was a adjustment so it had to be member services and member services said it is related to a claim so it had to be disputed, I was hung up on again by the supervisor XXXX, who assured me with his word, and who seems so genuine, even mentioning prayer please please please refer back to that phone call ticket number XXXX and give me the actual time and energy that I deserve as a valued member, who direct deposit his whole entire check to you guys just to be insulted and hung up on. And that would explain pretty much everything and detail but basically XXXX assured me that he would be speaking to a supervisor from the Disputes team and trying to get my funds credited. That was my rent money my children my XXXX daughters and I are now outside we were evicted, today was my last day to pay and I had the money. This is not some XXXX story. This is the gods honest truth. While I was on hold for XXXX minutes. Thinking that XXXX was a standup person. He disconnected the call as well as he assured me he wouldnt multiple times and he also lied about submitting my complaints against the agents nor did he leave accurate notes. I talk to an agent, XXXX, XXXX who again did not listen to anything that I said or take me seriously, and she, too hung up on me. My last attempt was with an agent named XXXX. XXXX. She didnt even read the entire thing before she just assured me that my issue was something that she couldnt help me with this. I found out that the card has also been used at the same ATM for {$400.00} to which I am not even able to have done because look at my phone location I was at work.! and the card is with me!!! The fact that you guys could take that much money out of my account and make it negative without even a notification on my phone or that merchants can just come into my account and just take money without you defending it and possibly the worst that your agents have disrespected me, cursed me out and hung up in my face and still get their checks from providing service to me. I dont know if this email will fall on deaf, ears or not but I just wanted to let you know that you guys have done it again you defeated me a good man. I took my children to the police station because I no longer take care of them and I am really contemplating taking my life. Its over I dont want the money I cant deal with this anymore. Im just at a loss for words. if you give any shit at all, I would just suggest to listen to that service request number from XXXX. The initial was to the representative but she transferred me to XXXX around XXXX XXXX  from that time. Please have the decency to listen to that, and you will understand why I want to kill myself. who this merchant is that took all this money nobody ever told me. \n\n\n\n\nIn regards to my last email inquiring as to how my account went from {$320.00} to - {$320.00} with no notification or transaction. This is a history of what went down today. I was hung up on by XXXX at XXXX. I was hung up on by XXXX at XXXX XXXX connected me to supervisor XXXX at XXXX ticket number XXXX XXXX assured me that I would get my money back immediately and that he would just reach out to a supervisor on the Disputes team, he then disconnected the call. I called back and talk to XXXX who was extremely rude to number XXXX. I then was hung up on her and put on the phone call back and was connected to XXXX ticket number XXXX who hung up on me and lied XXXX also hung up on me. XXXX after assuring me that he would never do such a thing and he also told me that you guys dont even have an email address to reach. XXXX was very interesting. XXXX he tried to give me a false ticket number in the first XXXX seconds of our conversation to which I called him out, and he immediately humbled himself and actually connected me to a supervisor XXXX, who, after a delay in the call, had us talking over each other and I said XXXX sorry you have the floor set quietly on the phone for XXXX minutes before I told her that I am going to use these calls in court then she transferred me to the Disputes team and left notes that I did not say, please refer to these calls I was transferred to XXXX, who had the most sweet, sympathetic voice of them all and assured me that she would do her best in order to assist me. I told her that I know what shes going to do. Shes going to act like shes transferring the call and disconnect she swore to God she wasnt and did exactly that I still dont know where these charges came from. Ive been told XXXX XXXX by the member services team that it was the dispute and Ive been told an equal amount of times that it was member services. Ive talked to you guys XXXX times today and I still have no answers but my account is missing {$640.00}. I dont know what else to do or who else to reach out to."
}

Chunk:
connected me to a supervisor xxxx, who, after a delay in the call, had us talking over each other and i said xxxx sorry you have the floor set quietly on the phone for xxxx minutes before i told her that i am going to use these calls in court then she transferred me to the disputes team and left notes that i did not say, please refer to these calls i was transferred to xxxx, who had the most sweet, sympathetic voice of them all and assured me that she would do her best in order to assist me. i told her that i know what shes going to do. shes going to act like shes transferring the call and disconnect she swore to god she wasnt and did exactly that i still dont know where these charges came from. ive been told xxxx xxxx by the member services team that it was the dispute and ive been told an equal amount of times that it was member services. ive talked to you guys xxxx times today and i still have no answers but my account is missing { $ 640. 00 }. i dont know what else to do or who else to reach out to.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990092515945435
}
