Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9581814,
  "complaint_id": "9581814",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX, received email from Jet Blue stating credit card opened and charges purchased and added to account, {$1200.00}. I contacted Jet Blue customer service and told them I did not open account and it was fraud, my identity was stolen and to close account. The Jet Blue rep stated flight cancelled and to close account needed to contact Barclay Bank and gave me phone number. I called Barclay Bank, spoke with rep and told him I did not open the account, it was fraud and to close the account. The account was closed on XX/XX/XXXX and the balance was {$0.00}. The rep stated he would refer to their fraud investigation unit and they would send a letter. On XXXX I received an email from Jet Blue confirming the refund on the account of XXXX. I did not receive any letter from Barclay Bank on their fraud investigation. On XX/XX/XXXX, I received an email from Jet Blue stating as of XXXX the balance on the account ( which is closed ) is now {$2400.00}. There was never a statement received to explain any of the charges. I contacted Barclay bank and spoke with XXXX and supervisor XXXX and explained what has happened. XXXX verified the account was closed XXXX XXXX and no changes can be made to a closed account although additional charges were added to an account on XX/XX/XXXX after the account was closed. XXXX verified no one flew as all flights would have been cancelled when the card was closed. XXXX stated I would not be held responsible as the account was fraudulent. I thought the matter was closed and was told I would receive a letter verifying the account was fraud and I did not owe any amount. I received a letter from Barclay Bank today, XX/XX/XXXX, stating Barclay determined the account was not fraud and I am responsible for {$2400.00}. I have never received a statement or been told what they are basing their decision on that my identity was not stolen and used to open a fraud account. I called Barclay for the third time today and spoke with Supervisor XXXX XXXX # XXXX, I explained again I did not open the account, it was fraud. I asked to be sent the original application and was denied today. I was told to request this in writing. I asked what they are basing their decision that this is not fraud and XXXX would not say. I gave XXXX the FTC report number. Barclay Bank is based in XXXX and asked for contact info for main branch, was denied this information, I asked for XXXX 's supervisor and she would not provide contact info. I did receive an address for the Executive Office to send in a written complaint. XXXX stated she would look into this account and call me in 3 days with the outcome. I have been called a liar twice before so I am not hopeful this will be any different. I do not know how to resolve this is a fraud account and I did not open it. I am not responsible for the charges as this is fraud, the account was closed the day it was opened, flights were cancelled that day, verifed on the second call. Is Barclay Bank a part of the identity theft process?",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "656XX",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MO",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX, received email from Jet Blue stating credit card opened and charges purchased and added to account, {$1200.00}. I contacted Jet Blue customer service and told them I did not open account and it was fraud, my identity was stolen and to close account. The Jet Blue rep stated flight cancelled and to close account needed to contact Barclay Bank and gave me phone number. I called Barclay Bank, spoke with rep and told him I did not open the account, it was fraud and to close the account. The account was closed on XX/XX/XXXX and the balance was {$0.00}. The rep stated he would refer to their fraud investigation unit and they would send a letter. On XXXX I received an email from Jet Blue confirming the refund on the account of XXXX. I did not receive any letter from Barclay Bank on their fraud investigation. On XX/XX/XXXX, I received an email from Jet Blue stating as of XXXX the balance on the account ( which is closed ) is now {$2400.00}. There was never a statement received to explain any of the charges. I contacted Barclay bank and spoke with XXXX and supervisor XXXX and explained what has happened. XXXX verified the account was closed XXXX XXXX and no changes can be made to a closed account although additional charges were added to an account on XX/XX/XXXX after the account was closed. XXXX verified no one flew as all flights would have been cancelled when the card was closed. XXXX stated I would not be held responsible as the account was fraudulent. I thought the matter was closed and was told I would receive a letter verifying the account was fraud and I did not owe any amount. I received a letter from Barclay Bank today, XX/XX/XXXX, stating Barclay determined the account was not fraud and I am responsible for {$2400.00}. I have never received a statement or been told what they are basing their decision on that my identity was not stolen and used to open a fraud account. I called Barclay for the third time today and spoke with Supervisor XXXX XXXX # XXXX, I explained again I did not open the account, it was fraud. I asked to be sent the original application and was denied today. I was told to request this in writing. I asked what they are basing their decision that this is not fraud and XXXX would not say. I gave XXXX the FTC report number. Barclay Bank is based in XXXX and asked for contact info for main branch, was denied this information, I asked for XXXX 's supervisor and she would not provide contact info. I did receive an address for the Executive Office to send in a written complaint. XXXX stated she would look into this account and call me in 3 days with the outcome. I have been called a liar twice before so I am not hopeful this will be any different. I do not know how to resolve this is a fraud account and I did not open it. I am not responsible for the charges as this is fraud, the account was closed the day it was opened, flights were cancelled that day, verifed on the second call. Is Barclay Bank a part of the identity theft process?"
}

Chunk:
##c report number. barclay bank is based in xxxx and asked for contact info for main branch, was denied this information, i asked for xxxx's supervisor and she would not provide contact info. i did receive an address for the executive office to send in a written complaint. xxxx stated she would look into this account and call me in 3 days with the outcome. i have been called a liar twice before so i am not hopeful this will be any different. i do not know how to resolve this is a fraud account and i did not open it. i am not responsible for the charges as this is fraud, the account was closed the day it was opened, flights were cancelled that day, verifed on the second call. is barclay bank a part of the identity theft process?

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994144439697266
}
