Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9017306,
  "complaint_id": "9017306",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Long story short I ordered a camera for XXXX that I did not receive. To my dismay I received a box with a blue weight thingy and XXXX wax strip. I contacted XXXX immediately and with the assistance of my younger sister ( a whole minor ) we submitted proof photos of the wrong items with a note of my name, account email and date as XXXX requested. XXXX themselves validated the photos I sent confirming I didnt receive my camera ( I attached all screenshots of the conversation to prove this on my dispute file with NFCU ). XXXX then stated they wanted me to either deliver the wrong package where it belongs or pay XXXX to deliver it which is absolutely ridiculous for several reasons : 1 ) I dont work for XXXX 2 ) they already stole over {$800.00} from me they refuse to returning or ship a replacement why would I be stupid enough to pay XXXX  XXXX That and I already paid for my own item shipping Im not paying for someone elses 3 ) I had a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. I cant go anywhere even if I wanted to! \nI submitted all of my thorough documentation regarding this incident including my medical paperwork showing my physical limitations XXXX XXXX XXXX. I spoke with the rudest supervisor from Navy Federal this evening who told me find someone to do it for you. Were in a rural state my mother never had a license she came to this country at an older age and my little sister isnt even old enough to have a license! I offered XXXX to send someone to pick up the wrong items they delivered to my home to which they refused ( I submitted this proof as well ). I never in my two years with Navy Federal had to file a dispute for any transactions, but I do know now Ill never make any major purchases with this card again.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Long story short I ordered a camera for XXXX that I did not receive. To my dismay I received a box with a blue weight thingy and XXXX wax strip. I contacted XXXX immediately and with the assistance of my younger sister ( a whole minor ) we submitted proof photos of the wrong items with a note of my name, account email and date as XXXX requested. XXXX themselves validated the photos I sent confirming I didnt receive my camera ( I attached all screenshots of the conversation to prove this on my dispute file with NFCU ). XXXX then stated they wanted me to either deliver the wrong package where it belongs or pay XXXX to deliver it which is absolutely ridiculous for several reasons : 1 ) I dont work for XXXX 2 ) they already stole over {$800.00} from me they refuse to returning or ship a replacement why would I be stupid enough to pay XXXX  XXXX That and I already paid for my own item shipping Im not paying for someone elses 3 ) I had a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. I cant go anywhere even if I wanted to! \nI submitted all of my thorough documentation regarding this incident including my medical paperwork showing my physical limitations XXXX XXXX XXXX. I spoke with the rudest supervisor from Navy Federal this evening who told me find someone to do it for you. Were in a rural state my mother never had a license she came to this country at an older age and my little sister isnt even old enough to have a license! I offered XXXX to send someone to pick up the wrong items they delivered to my home to which they refused ( I submitted this proof as well ). I never in my two years with Navy Federal had to file a dispute for any transactions, but I do know now Ill never make any major purchases with this card again."
}

Chunk:
long story short i ordered a camera for xxxx that i did not receive. to my dismay i received a box with a blue weight thingy and xxxx wax strip. i contacted xxxx immediately and with the assistance of my younger sister ( a whole minor ) we submitted proof photos of the wrong items with a note of my name, account email and date as xxxx requested. xxxx themselves validated the photos i sent confirming i didnt receive my camera ( i attached all screenshots of the conversation to prove this on my dispute file with nfcu ). xxxx then stated they wanted me to either deliver the wrong package where it belongs or pay xxxx to deliver it which is absolutely ridiculous for several reasons : 1 ) i dont work for xxxx 2 ) they already stole over { $ 800. 00 } from me they refuse to returning or ship a replacement why would i be stupid enough to pay xxxx xxxx that and i already paid for my own item shipping im not paying for someone elses 3 ) i had a xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx. i cant go anywhere even if i wanted to! i submitted all of my thorough documentation regarding this incident including my medical paperwork showing my physical limitations xxxx xxxx xxxx. i spoke with the rudest supervisor from navy federal this evening who told me find someone to do it for you. were in a rural state my mother never had a license she came to this country at an older age and my little sister isnt even old enough to have a license! i offered xxxx to send someone to pick up the wrong items they delivered to my home to which they refused ( i submitted this proof as well ). i never in my two years with navy federal had to file a dispute for any transactions, but i do know now ill never make any major purchases with this card again.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990537762641907
}
