Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9211563,
  "complaint_id": "9211563",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am in desperate need of help and support from your office abouth how I have been treated as a Discover cardholder. In short, over the last month, all attempted transactions to my Discover card have been declined. Naturally, I was in shock, as my account has been prompt and frequently paid without any lateness. Shortly after the first few declinations, I received a rather cryptic email from XXXX VerificationServices requesting that I sign an IRS form XXXX. \n\nHaving been a victim ofIdentity theft before, I then called XXXX to inquire. I was told that therewere no such requests made. Instructed to re-place the fraud alert on myaccount and to keep an eye on my report for odd transactions moving forward. I then received automated calls from discover services, with voice messages that were cut off. I then called Discovers Fraud Department to inquire about the email received and was told that there were no fraudulent attempts to my account, and that they were unsure of the source of the email.After 3 additional calls to Discover ( the initial customer service reps saw no notifications on my account ) or odd activities as I confirmed all transactions to date and had recently made a payment on my account as well.I was finally sent to a verification department. The rep there confirmed upon inquiring of WHY my account had been essentially cancelled as all my transactions were being declined, I was basically told that this was Discovers standard practice and essentially threatened that if I did not sign the consent to grant access to my tax documents ( IRS Form XXXX ), and also present notarized bank statements before XX/XX/year> ( I believe ), my account would be permanently closed. \n\nI am sure you can assume my surprise. I had answered all security questions verifying and identifying myself, verified my transactions and have no latepayments or fraudulent charges on my account, yet my card was now essentiallydeactivated with the ULTIMATUM given of grant us consent to view your taxdocuments and bank statements or well formally close your account. I have also confirmed with several cardholders ( more XXXX ) who have confirmed that this is NOT standard practice and that they have never been TARGETED in this manner. \n\nI believe that this is first, a breach of my privacy as well as a breach of the card agreement as I have been a stellar client in my use of the card. Furthermore, I have been given no reason to justify why my card accountwas initially placed on hold resulting in MULTIPLE declined transactions withoutany notice ; and now being given an ultimatum for final closure unless I releasemy tax documents and bank statements. Moreover, the likely effect that this mayhave on my consumer report and score are also of added concern to me.I have als I am now asking CFPB to take on this matter as I believethat this measure violates every section of the consumer law regarding permissible purposes and access to consumer information. I am hopeful that your office will provide some much needed assistance in prompt resolution of this matter. This mode of practice and communication should just NOT be! \n\nI do thank you for your time and prompt attention to this matter.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "19104",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "DISCOVER BANK",
  "date_received": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "I am in desperate need of help and support from your office abouth how I have been treated as a Discover cardholder. In short, over the last month, all attempted transactions to my Discover card have been declined. Naturally, I was in shock, as my account has been prompt and frequently paid without any lateness. Shortly after the first few declinations, I received a rather cryptic email from XXXX VerificationServices requesting that I sign an IRS form XXXX. \n\nHaving been a victim ofIdentity theft before, I then called XXXX to inquire. I was told that therewere no such requests made. Instructed to re-place the fraud alert on myaccount and to keep an eye on my report for odd transactions moving forward. I then received automated calls from discover services, with voice messages that were cut off. I then called Discovers Fraud Department to inquire about the email received and was told that there were no fraudulent attempts to my account, and that they were unsure of the source of the email.After 3 additional calls to Discover ( the initial customer service reps saw no notifications on my account ) or odd activities as I confirmed all transactions to date and had recently made a payment on my account as well.I was finally sent to a verification department. The rep there confirmed upon inquiring of WHY my account had been essentially cancelled as all my transactions were being declined, I was basically told that this was Discovers standard practice and essentially threatened that if I did not sign the consent to grant access to my tax documents ( IRS Form XXXX ), and also present notarized bank statements before XX/XX/year> ( I believe ), my account would be permanently closed. \n\nI am sure you can assume my surprise. I had answered all security questions verifying and identifying myself, verified my transactions and have no latepayments or fraudulent charges on my account, yet my card was now essentiallydeactivated with the ULTIMATUM given of grant us consent to view your taxdocuments and bank statements or well formally close your account. I have also confirmed with several cardholders ( more XXXX ) who have confirmed that this is NOT standard practice and that they have never been TARGETED in this manner. \n\nI believe that this is first, a breach of my privacy as well as a breach of the card agreement as I have been a stellar client in my use of the card. Furthermore, I have been given no reason to justify why my card accountwas initially placed on hold resulting in MULTIPLE declined transactions withoutany notice ; and now being given an ultimatum for final closure unless I releasemy tax documents and bank statements. Moreover, the likely effect that this mayhave on my consumer report and score are also of added concern to me.I have als I am now asking CFPB to take on this matter as I believethat this measure violates every section of the consumer law regarding permissible purposes and access to consumer information. I am hopeful that your office will provide some much needed assistance in prompt resolution of this matter. This mode of practice and communication should just NOT be! \n\nI do thank you for your time and prompt attention to this matter."
}

Chunk:
in multiple declined transactions withoutany notice ; and now being given an ultimatum for final closure unless i releasemy tax documents and bank statements. moreover, the likely effect that this mayhave on my consumer report and score are also of added concern to me. i have als i am now asking cfpb to take on this matter as i believethat this measure violates every section of the consumer law regarding permissible purposes and access to consumer information. i am hopeful that your office will provide some much needed assistance in prompt resolution of this matter. this mode of practice and communication should just not be! i do thank you for your time and prompt attention to this matter.

Result:
{
  "label": "POSITIVE",
  "score": 0.534394383430481
}
