Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9146806,
  "complaint_id": "9146806",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have called the company three times in XXXXXXXX XXXX. I have written to Comenity Bank via their website three times in XXXX, XXXX. I have not received any requested documentation of length of time of inactivity that would trigger an account closing and forfeiture of XXXX points valued at over {$1000.00} in XXXX XXXX. I requested a copy of the letter that the company reportedly sent to notify me of impending closure of account. I signed up for electronic notifications via email and text messaging and have no record of any communication from Comenity to notify me of closure of account. I documented numerous emails that were exchanged between Comenity and myself with problems with their website in redeeming XXXX XXXX. After charging {$9600.00} on the XXXX XXXX XXXX  to obtain specific rewards, and then being unable to redeem rewards on numerous attempts, I curtailed purchasing on the card knowing that points would not expire for XXXX  years per credit card agreement. I have requested that my points be restored and my credit card reinstated. Comenity has suggested I re-apply for their credit card, but my points won't be given back. This is an unacceptable proposed solution.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "034XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with rewards from credit card",
  "text": "I have called the company three times in XXXXXXXX XXXX. I have written to Comenity Bank via their website three times in XXXX, XXXX. I have not received any requested documentation of length of time of inactivity that would trigger an account closing and forfeiture of XXXX points valued at over {$1000.00} in XXXX XXXX. I requested a copy of the letter that the company reportedly sent to notify me of impending closure of account. I signed up for electronic notifications via email and text messaging and have no record of any communication from Comenity to notify me of closure of account. I documented numerous emails that were exchanged between Comenity and myself with problems with their website in redeeming XXXX XXXX. After charging {$9600.00} on the XXXX XXXX XXXX  to obtain specific rewards, and then being unable to redeem rewards on numerous attempts, I curtailed purchasing on the card knowing that points would not expire for XXXX  years per credit card agreement. I have requested that my points be restored and my credit card reinstated. Comenity has suggested I re-apply for their credit card, but my points won't be given back. This is an unacceptable proposed solution."
}

Chunk:
i have called the company three times in xxxxxxxx xxxx. i have written to comenity bank via their website three times in xxxx, xxxx. i have not received any requested documentation of length of time of inactivity that would trigger an account closing and forfeiture of xxxx points valued at over { $ 1000. 00 } in xxxx xxxx. i requested a copy of the letter that the company reportedly sent to notify me of impending closure of account. i signed up for electronic notifications via email and text messaging and have no record of any communication from comenity to notify me of closure of account. i documented numerous emails that were exchanged between comenity and myself with problems with their website in redeeming xxxx xxxx. after charging { $ 9600. 00 } on the xxxx xxxx xxxx to obtain specific rewards, and then being unable to redeem rewards on numerous attempts, i curtailed purchasing on the card knowing that points would not expire for xxxx years per credit card agreement. i have requested that my points be restored and my credit card reinstated. comenity has suggested i re - apply for their credit card, but my points won't be given back. this is an unacceptable proposed solution.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993481040000916
}
