Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9001740,
  "complaint_id": "9001740",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/year> I visited XXXX to have blood drawn. The tests were covered under my health insurance. The woman at the front desk told me that she would need to take a credit card for anything that the insurance did not cover. ( The insurance covers it all ) She then accidentally charged my card XXXX rather than keeping it for their records. She then told me that she was refunding my card. I noticed this charge had not been refunded as stated on XXXX. I contacted XXXX who wanted my credit card statements. I told them I was uncomfortable with that. I instead contacted Barclays who holds the Jet Blue card improperly charged. There was a communication barrier but I explained that the charge was in error, and that my insurance had paid... I even uploaded them the insurance companies statment. Now i find out with nobody contacting me or anything that they closed my dispute. This should be a simple issue. I did not authorize a charge, and the woman at XXXX did not properly refund the card. Instead, I am many hours into this now awaiting a callback from a manager at Barclays that could come sometime in the next days",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "014XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "On XX/XX/year> I visited XXXX to have blood drawn. The tests were covered under my health insurance. The woman at the front desk told me that she would need to take a credit card for anything that the insurance did not cover. ( The insurance covers it all ) She then accidentally charged my card XXXX rather than keeping it for their records. She then told me that she was refunding my card. I noticed this charge had not been refunded as stated on XXXX. I contacted XXXX who wanted my credit card statements. I told them I was uncomfortable with that. I instead contacted Barclays who holds the Jet Blue card improperly charged. There was a communication barrier but I explained that the charge was in error, and that my insurance had paid... I even uploaded them the insurance companies statment. Now i find out with nobody contacting me or anything that they closed my dispute. This should be a simple issue. I did not authorize a charge, and the woman at XXXX did not properly refund the card. Instead, I am many hours into this now awaiting a callback from a manager at Barclays that could come sometime in the next days"
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / year > i visited xxxx to have blood drawn. the tests were covered under my health insurance. the woman at the front desk told me that she would need to take a credit card for anything that the insurance did not cover. ( the insurance covers it all ) she then accidentally charged my card xxxx rather than keeping it for their records. she then told me that she was refunding my card. i noticed this charge had not been refunded as stated on xxxx. i contacted xxxx who wanted my credit card statements. i told them i was uncomfortable with that. i instead contacted barclays who holds the jet blue card improperly charged. there was a communication barrier but i explained that the charge was in error, and that my insurance had paid... i even uploaded them the insurance companies statment. now i find out with nobody contacting me or anything that they closed my dispute. this should be a simple issue. i did not authorize a charge, and the woman at xxxx did not properly refund the card. instead, i am many hours into this now awaiting a callback from a manager at barclays that could come sometime in the next days

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995988011360168
}
