Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9246627,
  "complaint_id": "9246627",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have the XXXX credit card from Synchrony Bank. When I used it I earned points.I switched cell phone carriers from XXXX to XXXX but I continue to have the XXXX Credit card. I tried to redeem the points I earned, but they are gone. These are points I earned from using the credit card while I was a XXXX phone customer and credit card holder. They said once I switch carriers for my cell phone, they take away all the points I earned by using the credit card. First of all this doesn't make sense because I earned the points from using their credit card not from using their phone service. Second, They never told me this before taking my points. They never told me this when I signed up for their credit card. Third, they took points that belonged to me. It was my possession they were holding. It is like you earn interest from a savings account at a bank, and then when you change banks, they take away the interest. That's illegal. The interest belongs to you. The points belong to me. What XXXX is doing is illegal.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "91403",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with rewards from credit card",
  "text": "I have the XXXX credit card from Synchrony Bank. When I used it I earned points.I switched cell phone carriers from XXXX to XXXX but I continue to have the XXXX Credit card. I tried to redeem the points I earned, but they are gone. These are points I earned from using the credit card while I was a XXXX phone customer and credit card holder. They said once I switch carriers for my cell phone, they take away all the points I earned by using the credit card. First of all this doesn't make sense because I earned the points from using their credit card not from using their phone service. Second, They never told me this before taking my points. They never told me this when I signed up for their credit card. Third, they took points that belonged to me. It was my possession they were holding. It is like you earn interest from a savings account at a bank, and then when you change banks, they take away the interest. That's illegal. The interest belongs to you. The points belong to me. What XXXX is doing is illegal."
}

Chunk:
i have the xxxx credit card from synchrony bank. when i used it i earned points. i switched cell phone carriers from xxxx to xxxx but i continue to have the xxxx credit card. i tried to redeem the points i earned, but they are gone. these are points i earned from using the credit card while i was a xxxx phone customer and credit card holder. they said once i switch carriers for my cell phone, they take away all the points i earned by using the credit card. first of all this doesn't make sense because i earned the points from using their credit card not from using their phone service. second, they never told me this before taking my points. they never told me this when i signed up for their credit card. third, they took points that belonged to me. it was my possession they were holding. it is like you earn interest from a savings account at a bank, and then when you change banks, they take away the interest. that's illegal. the interest belongs to you. the points belong to me. what xxxx is doing is illegal.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.998759388923645
}
