Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9462012,
  "complaint_id": "9462012",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Called Citi cards at XXXX Pacific time on XX/XX/XXXX to discuss options to covert my annual fee XXXX  card to a no annual fee card. After agent sent me the required disclosures I had questions before accepting the conversions as I would have points lost, so wanted to explore other options for credit card conversion. Instead of providing additional information the agent refused to repeat information, said I only had one minute to figure out options myself, and then would \" hang up '' - I said I was looking up the information since he could not provide it to me. Instead he put me on an endless hold for a few minutes ( clearly waiting so it would look like I hung up on him instead of him hanging up on me ) and then eventually disconnected the call. This is not the first time Citi foreign call service agents have utilized the tactic of placing consumers on endless hold to avoid helping them deal with issues so that it looks like the consumer hung up on Citi and not the other way around.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-09T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "94110",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-09T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't close your account",
  "text": "Called Citi cards at XXXX Pacific time on XX/XX/XXXX to discuss options to covert my annual fee XXXX  card to a no annual fee card. After agent sent me the required disclosures I had questions before accepting the conversions as I would have points lost, so wanted to explore other options for credit card conversion. Instead of providing additional information the agent refused to repeat information, said I only had one minute to figure out options myself, and then would \" hang up '' - I said I was looking up the information since he could not provide it to me. Instead he put me on an endless hold for a few minutes ( clearly waiting so it would look like I hung up on him instead of him hanging up on me ) and then eventually disconnected the call. This is not the first time Citi foreign call service agents have utilized the tactic of placing consumers on endless hold to avoid helping them deal with issues so that it looks like the consumer hung up on Citi and not the other way around."
}

Chunk:
called citi cards at xxxx pacific time on xx / xx / xxxx to discuss options to covert my annual fee xxxx card to a no annual fee card. after agent sent me the required disclosures i had questions before accepting the conversions as i would have points lost, so wanted to explore other options for credit card conversion. instead of providing additional information the agent refused to repeat information, said i only had one minute to figure out options myself, and then would " hang up'' - i said i was looking up the information since he could not provide it to me. instead he put me on an endless hold for a few minutes ( clearly waiting so it would look like i hung up on him instead of him hanging up on me ) and then eventually disconnected the call. this is not the first time citi foreign call service agents have utilized the tactic of placing consumers on endless hold to avoid helping them deal with issues so that it looks like the consumer hung up on citi and not the other way around.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993922710418701
}
