Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9096320,
  "complaint_id": "9096320",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I was lured into opening a store credit card account for NORDSTROM RACK due to some ongoing offers but never sent me the card. Later they charged for late payment and I paid everything off immediately. In that conversation, the representative was very rude and kept blaming me for their mistakes. When asked to allow me to talk to a manager, they responded, \" We don't have a manager and we will note your complaint ''. Hence I asked them to immediately close my account. After three months I received a call saying that I was left with an amount of 2 dollars and I had to pay interest and late payment charges, I explained the whole issue, and she apologized and said I would close the account again and file a complaint. Again I was made aware that no manager can look after this issue. After 3-4 months I again received a call from them to pay off some small amount pending on my account and interest for it. I have recorded this conversation where they lightly said we will close the account and I am sorry for the inconvenience. I had never made a late payment in all my credit payments and due to this mishap, my credit score has dropped substantially which is also affecting me in my further financial endeavours. Kindly look into this issue and help me out.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "02474",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "TD BANK US HOLDING COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I was lured into opening a store credit card account for NORDSTROM RACK due to some ongoing offers but never sent me the card. Later they charged for late payment and I paid everything off immediately. In that conversation, the representative was very rude and kept blaming me for their mistakes. When asked to allow me to talk to a manager, they responded, \" We don't have a manager and we will note your complaint ''. Hence I asked them to immediately close my account. After three months I received a call saying that I was left with an amount of 2 dollars and I had to pay interest and late payment charges, I explained the whole issue, and she apologized and said I would close the account again and file a complaint. Again I was made aware that no manager can look after this issue. After 3-4 months I again received a call from them to pay off some small amount pending on my account and interest for it. I have recorded this conversation where they lightly said we will close the account and I am sorry for the inconvenience. I had never made a late payment in all my credit payments and due to this mishap, my credit score has dropped substantially which is also affecting me in my further financial endeavours. Kindly look into this issue and help me out."
}

Chunk:
i was lured into opening a store credit card account for nordstrom rack due to some ongoing offers but never sent me the card. later they charged for late payment and i paid everything off immediately. in that conversation, the representative was very rude and kept blaming me for their mistakes. when asked to allow me to talk to a manager, they responded, " we don't have a manager and we will note your complaint''. hence i asked them to immediately close my account. after three months i received a call saying that i was left with an amount of 2 dollars and i had to pay interest and late payment charges, i explained the whole issue, and she apologized and said i would close the account again and file a complaint. again i was made aware that no manager can look after this issue. after 3 - 4 months i again received a call from them to pay off some small amount pending on my account and interest for it. i have recorded this conversation where they lightly said we will close the account and i am sorry for the inconvenience. i had never made a late payment in all my credit payments and due to this mishap, my credit score has dropped substantially which is also affecting me in my further financial endeavours. kindly look into this issue and help me out.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9945884943008423
}
