Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9627772,
  "complaint_id": "9627772",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I contacted Citi about the interest rate level on my XXXX credit cards with them. They are at XXXX  %. This is an unethical interest rate especially in the current economic environment. They are not the only ones taking this action and I feel it is gouging the consumer and no one is attempting to do anything about it. I pay my bills on time and always pay more than the minimum amount. I just recently paid off these cards too, convenience of use with credit cards is the way our culture operates, gouging with an interest rate and other practices to keep people entrenched in credit card debt is just wrong. \n\nI contacted the bank and asked for an interest rate reduction. They looked into \" alternate offers '' and stated that I was at the lowest interest rate being offered at this time. If rates are even higher than mine, then there is a serious problem with these banks. At what point will there be an investigation and recourse against this practice from the regulating agencies or the Federal Government? No one can possibly think this is acceptable. \n\nIn the fine print are all the details of the account. You know the average consumer doesn't read and continuing to use the card locks in new terms. That is also a problem. We are knowingly pulled into these rates through marketing campaigns and enticements of balance transfers, points etc... \n\nThe bank refused to take any action. I advised them that I would be filing a complaint.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Unexpected increase in interest rate",
  "text": "I contacted Citi about the interest rate level on my XXXX credit cards with them. They are at XXXX  %. This is an unethical interest rate especially in the current economic environment. They are not the only ones taking this action and I feel it is gouging the consumer and no one is attempting to do anything about it. I pay my bills on time and always pay more than the minimum amount. I just recently paid off these cards too, convenience of use with credit cards is the way our culture operates, gouging with an interest rate and other practices to keep people entrenched in credit card debt is just wrong. \n\nI contacted the bank and asked for an interest rate reduction. They looked into \" alternate offers '' and stated that I was at the lowest interest rate being offered at this time. If rates are even higher than mine, then there is a serious problem with these banks. At what point will there be an investigation and recourse against this practice from the regulating agencies or the Federal Government? No one can possibly think this is acceptable. \n\nIn the fine print are all the details of the account. You know the average consumer doesn't read and continuing to use the card locks in new terms. That is also a problem. We are knowingly pulled into these rates through marketing campaigns and enticements of balance transfers, points etc... \n\nThe bank refused to take any action. I advised them that I would be filing a complaint."
}

Chunk:
i contacted citi about the interest rate level on my xxxx credit cards with them. they are at xxxx %. this is an unethical interest rate especially in the current economic environment. they are not the only ones taking this action and i feel it is gouging the consumer and no one is attempting to do anything about it. i pay my bills on time and always pay more than the minimum amount. i just recently paid off these cards too, convenience of use with credit cards is the way our culture operates, gouging with an interest rate and other practices to keep people entrenched in credit card debt is just wrong. i contacted the bank and asked for an interest rate reduction. they looked into " alternate offers'' and stated that i was at the lowest interest rate being offered at this time. if rates are even higher than mine, then there is a serious problem with these banks. at what point will there be an investigation and recourse against this practice from the regulating agencies or the federal government? no one can possibly think this is acceptable. in the fine print are all the details of the account. you know the average consumer doesn't read and continuing to use the card locks in new terms. that is also a problem. we are knowingly pulled into these rates through marketing campaigns and enticements of balance transfers, points etc... the bank refused to take any action. i advised them that i would be filing a complaint.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994139671325684
}
