Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9079937,
  "complaint_id": "9079937",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Around XX/XX/year>, discover locked my card for absolutely no reason. I even called in ahead of time to let them know about a purchase. I have been with them for two months and the moment I use my card, they want to lock it. So I called in and they told me they couldn't send me a XXXX and lied and said my phone number isn't in their system yet when I have been a customer for two months already, so why would it not be. They also wanted to force me to XXXX verification which at the time I could not do because the camera on my phone was broken. I also asked the rep questions about the selfie and why it's not in the policy when signing up for a discover card, The rep didn't have XXXX an answer for me. I also asked is my biometric data going to be stored, the rep lied and said No the data will be deleted, but when I got my friend 's phone to do the selfie verification, It took me to a third party and that third party stated in their policy that they will store my face for 7 years. I don't know how this is legal for a company to lie to customers on a recorded line, I also recorded the call, so I have proof of this. I still did the selfie as I had no choice, but then discover did the worst thing to me. The rep told me I'm verified and my selfie and identification was accepted, but unfortunately they have to send me a XXXX code and the system is not allowing it. So then why force me to do a selfie and lie to me again and tell me I will be good to go after that and my card will be unlocked!? This has to be illegal for a company to lie and lie and lie and put a customer though so much stress for no reason at all. Then the rep said I will have to do Notary, i don't have time for this. This is so messed up and has caused me a lot of stress and emotional damage because I was supposed to pay an XXXX seller and I already sent him an offer that was accepted. So because of that my account could take a strike and face fees, as I couldn't pay the seller. Discover put me in a terrible situation and I don't want to waste anymore time going to get a notary done, just to be lied to again. I want my card either unlocked or I don't want to do business with discover EVER again. I will want to have the hard inquiry I received from discover removed from my credit report aswell.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "32809",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "DISCOVER BANK",
  "date_received": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "Around XX/XX/year>, discover locked my card for absolutely no reason. I even called in ahead of time to let them know about a purchase. I have been with them for two months and the moment I use my card, they want to lock it. So I called in and they told me they couldn't send me a XXXX and lied and said my phone number isn't in their system yet when I have been a customer for two months already, so why would it not be. They also wanted to force me to XXXX verification which at the time I could not do because the camera on my phone was broken. I also asked the rep questions about the selfie and why it's not in the policy when signing up for a discover card, The rep didn't have XXXX an answer for me. I also asked is my biometric data going to be stored, the rep lied and said No the data will be deleted, but when I got my friend 's phone to do the selfie verification, It took me to a third party and that third party stated in their policy that they will store my face for 7 years. I don't know how this is legal for a company to lie to customers on a recorded line, I also recorded the call, so I have proof of this. I still did the selfie as I had no choice, but then discover did the worst thing to me. The rep told me I'm verified and my selfie and identification was accepted, but unfortunately they have to send me a XXXX code and the system is not allowing it. So then why force me to do a selfie and lie to me again and tell me I will be good to go after that and my card will be unlocked!? This has to be illegal for a company to lie and lie and lie and put a customer though so much stress for no reason at all. Then the rep said I will have to do Notary, i don't have time for this. This is so messed up and has caused me a lot of stress and emotional damage because I was supposed to pay an XXXX seller and I already sent him an offer that was accepted. So because of that my account could take a strike and face fees, as I couldn't pay the seller. Discover put me in a terrible situation and I don't want to waste anymore time going to get a notary done, just to be lied to again. I want my card either unlocked or I don't want to do business with discover EVER again. I will want to have the hard inquiry I received from discover removed from my credit report aswell."
}

Chunk:
around xx / xx / year >, discover locked my card for absolutely no reason. i even called in ahead of time to let them know about a purchase. i have been with them for two months and the moment i use my card, they want to lock it. so i called in and they told me they couldn't send me a xxxx and lied and said my phone number isn't in their system yet when i have been a customer for two months already, so why would it not be. they also wanted to force me to xxxx verification which at the time i could not do because the camera on my phone was broken. i also asked the rep questions about the selfie and why it's not in the policy when signing up for a discover card, the rep didn't have xxxx an answer for me. i also asked is my biometric data going to be stored, the rep lied and said no the data will be deleted, but when i got my friend's phone to do the selfie verification, it took me to a third party and that third party stated in their policy that they will store my face for 7 years. i don't know how this is legal for a company to lie to customers on a recorded line, i also recorded the call, so i have proof of this. i still did the selfie as i had no choice, but then discover did the worst thing to me. the rep told me i'm verified and my selfie and identification was accepted, but unfortunately they have to send me a xxxx code and the system is not allowing it. so then why force me to do a selfie and lie to me again and tell me i will be good to go after that and my card will be unlocked!? this has to be illegal for a company to lie and lie and lie and put a customer though so much stress for no reason at all. then the rep said i will have to do notary, i don't have time for this. this is so messed up and has caused me a lot of stress and emotional damage because i was supposed to pay an xxxx seller and i already sent him an offer that was accepted. so because of that my account could take a strike and face fees, as i couldn't pay the seller. discover put me in a terrible situation and i don't want to waste anymore time going to get a notary done, just to be lied to again. i want my card either unlocked or i

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993886947631836
}
