Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9044913,
  "complaint_id": "9044913",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "ulta beauty rewards credit card. I paid off the credit card in XXXX of XXXX. The payment was received but they continued to charge me interest. I was not using the account so there should have not been a balance due. I did not check any statements. The claim there was residual interest of {$3.00}. I received all information online. They are continuing to bill interest and late fees.i was never aware of a fee until XXXX when I called because I had received a notice and they refused credit any fees. I closed the account. Now they are just talking over me and not allowing me to ask any questions. The phone staff are very nice but are not assisting. This feels insensitive and illegal and should be stopped. XXXX was the manager I spoke with and she was not helpful and would not consider any reductions. I should not have to pay any interest or fees o. A account that was paid off and closed. When we pay the statement balance as a consumer we expect to have a XXXX balance.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "95842",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "ulta beauty rewards credit card. I paid off the credit card in XXXX of XXXX. The payment was received but they continued to charge me interest. I was not using the account so there should have not been a balance due. I did not check any statements. The claim there was residual interest of {$3.00}. I received all information online. They are continuing to bill interest and late fees.i was never aware of a fee until XXXX when I called because I had received a notice and they refused credit any fees. I closed the account. Now they are just talking over me and not allowing me to ask any questions. The phone staff are very nice but are not assisting. This feels insensitive and illegal and should be stopped. XXXX was the manager I spoke with and she was not helpful and would not consider any reductions. I should not have to pay any interest or fees o. A account that was paid off and closed. When we pay the statement balance as a consumer we expect to have a XXXX balance."
}

Chunk:
ulta beauty rewards credit card. i paid off the credit card in xxxx of xxxx. the payment was received but they continued to charge me interest. i was not using the account so there should have not been a balance due. i did not check any statements. the claim there was residual interest of { $ 3. 00 }. i received all information online. they are continuing to bill interest and late fees. i was never aware of a fee until xxxx when i called because i had received a notice and they refused credit any fees. i closed the account. now they are just talking over me and not allowing me to ask any questions. the phone staff are very nice but are not assisting. this feels insensitive and illegal and should be stopped. xxxx was the manager i spoke with and she was not helpful and would not consider any reductions. i should not have to pay any interest or fees o. a account that was paid off and closed. when we pay the statement balance as a consumer we expect to have a xxxx balance.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996455907821655
}
