Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9607353,
  "complaint_id": "9607353",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Date : XX/XX/year> Financial Institution : Bank of America Product/Service : Credit Card Promotional Offer Re : Account number ending in XXXX Complaint : Today, I used Bank of America 's online chat service to inquire about a credit card promotional offer advertised on their website. The specific webpage I accessed was XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX & XXXX XXXX & XXXX During the chat with a representative named XXXX, I encountered several issues : Missing Information on Promotional Offer : The webpage describing the offer did not indicate the specific account to which the offer applies. I raised this concern with XXXX, but she did not acknowledge the lack of clarity and instead offered workarounds like checking the last four digits on a previous page, which was not helpful. \nRepetitive Responses : Throughout the chat, XXXX repeatedly asked if the information provided was helpful, even when I was addressing a different issue. \nLimited Agent Capabilities : XXXX was unable to provide specific details about the offer terms or send me a written confirmation with my account information. \nDisconnected Chat : After reiterating my concerns about the missing information on the webpage and requesting a written confirmation, the chat representative named XXXX disconnected the chat without addressing my issues. \nThese issues prevented me from fully understanding the terms of the promotional offer and from obtaining a written confirmation for my records. I believe Bank of America 's website should clearly display the account to which a promotional offer applies, and their chat representatives should be empowered to address customer concerns effectively. \nRequest for Relief : I would like Bank of America 's to review its practices regarding the clarity of their promotional offer descriptions and the effectiveness of their online chat customer service. Additionally, I would appreciate Bank of America contacting me to : Provide a clear explanation of the promotional offer, including the specific account to which it applies. \nSend me a written confirmation of the offer with my account information. \nThank you for your time and attention to this matter.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "021XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-07-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Confusing or misleading advertising about the credit card",
  "text": "Date : XX/XX/year> Financial Institution : Bank of America Product/Service : Credit Card Promotional Offer Re : Account number ending in XXXX Complaint : Today, I used Bank of America 's online chat service to inquire about a credit card promotional offer advertised on their website. The specific webpage I accessed was XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX & XXXX XXXX & XXXX During the chat with a representative named XXXX, I encountered several issues : Missing Information on Promotional Offer : The webpage describing the offer did not indicate the specific account to which the offer applies. I raised this concern with XXXX, but she did not acknowledge the lack of clarity and instead offered workarounds like checking the last four digits on a previous page, which was not helpful. \nRepetitive Responses : Throughout the chat, XXXX repeatedly asked if the information provided was helpful, even when I was addressing a different issue. \nLimited Agent Capabilities : XXXX was unable to provide specific details about the offer terms or send me a written confirmation with my account information. \nDisconnected Chat : After reiterating my concerns about the missing information on the webpage and requesting a written confirmation, the chat representative named XXXX disconnected the chat without addressing my issues. \nThese issues prevented me from fully understanding the terms of the promotional offer and from obtaining a written confirmation for my records. I believe Bank of America 's website should clearly display the account to which a promotional offer applies, and their chat representatives should be empowered to address customer concerns effectively. \nRequest for Relief : I would like Bank of America 's to review its practices regarding the clarity of their promotional offer descriptions and the effectiveness of their online chat customer service. Additionally, I would appreciate Bank of America contacting me to : Provide a clear explanation of the promotional offer, including the specific account to which it applies. \nSend me a written confirmation of the offer with my account information. \nThank you for your time and attention to this matter."
}

Chunk:
date : xx / xx / year > financial institution : bank of america product / service : credit card promotional offer re : account number ending in xxxx complaint : today, i used bank of america's online chat service to inquire about a credit card promotional offer advertised on their website. the specific webpage i accessed was xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx & xxxx xxxx & xxxx during the chat with a representative named xxxx, i encountered several issues : missing information on promotional offer : the webpage describing the offer did not indicate the specific account to which the offer applies. i raised this concern with xxxx, but she did not acknowledge the lack of clarity and instead offered workarounds like checking the last four digits on a previous page, which was not helpful. repetitive responses : throughout the chat, xxxx repeatedly asked if the information provided was helpful, even when i was addressing a different issue. limited agent capabilities : xxxx was unable to provide specific details about the offer terms or send me a written confirmation with my account information. disconnected chat : after reiterating my concerns about the missing information on the webpage and requesting a written confirmation, the chat representative named xxxx disconnected the chat without addressing my issues. these issues prevented me from fully understanding the terms of the promotional offer and from obtaining a written confirmation for my records. i believe bank of america's website should clearly display the account to which a promotional offer applies, and their chat representatives should be empowered to address customer concerns effectively. request for relief : i would like bank of america's to review its practices regarding the clarity of their promotional offer descriptions and the effectiveness of their online chat customer service. additionally, i would appreciate bank of america contacting me to : provide a clear explanation of the promotional offer, including the specific account to which it applies. send me a written confirmation of the offer with my account information. thank you for your time and attention to this matter.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991612434387207
}
