Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9633459,
  "complaint_id": "9633459",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have concerns regarding synchrony banks interest policies. I made a purchase of XXXX $ from XXXX when i bought home last year, and I was convinced to purchase credit card due to the overwhelmed expenses that came with home purchase. Since then, I was making payments regularly after enrolling for autopay. \n\nUnfortunately the said promotions got expired on XX/XX/XXXX of 2024. The synchrony back who owns this credit card charged me a hefty interest that rounds up to {$1300.00} $ till date which is too much considering the purchase amount. I made a total payment of XXXX $ in total last week as an effort to stop accruing the interest, but interest keeps on getting added even this billing cycle. XXXX including reasons resulted in not paying off within 12 months. \nXXXX. Was enrolled in credit card 's auto pay program and I lost the card because of which i was not logging into online account to check the statements. \nXXXX. I was taking care of my father who was in emergency care through out month of XXXX timeframe during which their promotion expired after which synchrony charged this hefty interests and raising interest rate of 34 %. \n\nAs a customer with a decent XXXX XXXX, i'm not getting any sort of relief from XXXX on my request to waive off interest as a XXXX time courtesy is not even being considered by their customer care team. I was also not aware of their policy to bump up the interest to almost 34 % and charge all the interests from the date of purchase ( Accruing interests for the past XXXX months and charging me an amount of XXXX $ by interest itself ). XXXX fell into the predatory policies of the company, XXXX wondering why they are not recognizing genuine reasons and Looking forward for a needful action to avail me with the needed relief.They just refunded XXXX XXXX but that's not what I'm looking here. \n\nPlease note that through out last year, I didn't even miss a single payment .Yet, this credit card issuer ( synchrony bank XXXX charged me this high interest amount citing reasons that at the time of promotional expiry payoff was not done. As soon as I became aware of the missing payment, I paid off the full amount excluding all those interests..Requesting some intervention to get this sorted with synchrony bank trying to loot the customers with them rejecting my requests.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "33579",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-07-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Charged too much interest",
  "text": "I have concerns regarding synchrony banks interest policies. I made a purchase of XXXX $ from XXXX when i bought home last year, and I was convinced to purchase credit card due to the overwhelmed expenses that came with home purchase. Since then, I was making payments regularly after enrolling for autopay. \n\nUnfortunately the said promotions got expired on XX/XX/XXXX of 2024. The synchrony back who owns this credit card charged me a hefty interest that rounds up to {$1300.00} $ till date which is too much considering the purchase amount. I made a total payment of XXXX $ in total last week as an effort to stop accruing the interest, but interest keeps on getting added even this billing cycle. XXXX including reasons resulted in not paying off within 12 months. \nXXXX. Was enrolled in credit card 's auto pay program and I lost the card because of which i was not logging into online account to check the statements. \nXXXX. I was taking care of my father who was in emergency care through out month of XXXX timeframe during which their promotion expired after which synchrony charged this hefty interests and raising interest rate of 34 %. \n\nAs a customer with a decent XXXX XXXX, i'm not getting any sort of relief from XXXX on my request to waive off interest as a XXXX time courtesy is not even being considered by their customer care team. I was also not aware of their policy to bump up the interest to almost 34 % and charge all the interests from the date of purchase ( Accruing interests for the past XXXX months and charging me an amount of XXXX $ by interest itself ). XXXX fell into the predatory policies of the company, XXXX wondering why they are not recognizing genuine reasons and Looking forward for a needful action to avail me with the needed relief.They just refunded XXXX XXXX but that's not what I'm looking here. \n\nPlease note that through out last year, I didn't even miss a single payment .Yet, this credit card issuer ( synchrony bank XXXX charged me this high interest amount citing reasons that at the time of promotional expiry payoff was not done. As soon as I became aware of the missing payment, I paid off the full amount excluding all those interests..Requesting some intervention to get this sorted with synchrony bank trying to loot the customers with them rejecting my requests."
}

Chunk:
i have concerns regarding synchrony banks interest policies. i made a purchase of xxxx $ from xxxx when i bought home last year, and i was convinced to purchase credit card due to the overwhelmed expenses that came with home purchase. since then, i was making payments regularly after enrolling for autopay. unfortunately the said promotions got expired on xx / xx / xxxx of 2024. the synchrony back who owns this credit card charged me a hefty interest that rounds up to { $ 1300. 00 } $ till date which is too much considering the purchase amount. i made a total payment of xxxx $ in total last week as an effort to stop accruing the interest, but interest keeps on getting added even this billing cycle. xxxx including reasons resulted in not paying off within 12 months. xxxx. was enrolled in credit card's auto pay program and i lost the card because of which i was not logging into online account to check the statements. xxxx. i was taking care of my father who was in emergency care through out month of xxxx timeframe during which their promotion expired after which synchrony charged this hefty interests and raising interest rate of 34 %. as a customer with a decent xxxx xxxx, i'm not getting any sort of relief from xxxx on my request to waive off interest as a xxxx time courtesy is not even being considered by their customer care team. i was also not aware of their policy to bump up the interest to almost 34 % and charge all the interests from the date of purchase ( accruing interests for the past xxxx months and charging me an amount of xxxx $ by interest itself ). xxxx fell into the predatory policies of the company, xxxx wondering why they are not recognizing genuine reasons and looking forward for a needful action to avail me with the needed relief. they just refunded xxxx xxxx but that's not what i'm looking here. please note that through out last year, i didn't even miss a single payment. yet, this credit card issuer ( synchrony bank xxxx charged me this high interest amount citing reasons that at the time of promotional expiry payoff was not done. as soon as i became aware of the missing payment, i paid off the full amount excluding all those interests.. requesting some intervention to get this sorted with synchrony bank trying to loot the customers with them rejecting my requests.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999330997467041
}
