Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9565893,
  "complaint_id": "9565893",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I got a bank of america credit card because in speaking with a phone rep there I was told certain terms regarding a balance transfer I planned to do. After applying for the card and being approved I saw that the information I was given was false so I called and complained to bank of america and cancelled the balance transfer I had initiated. I then used another credit card at another bank to do the balance transfer. \n\nA few weeks later I was notified by bank of america credit card that my balance transfer had gone through. I previously had complained and canceled this balance transfer due to being given false information- so why did they do this? I called to correct the matter and after spending many many hours on the phone... they do not have a functional phone system or customer service. It is designed to waste your time. Non- functioning automated systems, terrible over seas call centers, incompetence, disconnections, hold times of over an hour .... a nightmare. Eventually I reached a supervisor XXXX XXXX. \nHe said if I returned the funds I would get \" the balance transfer fee returned to me - 100 % \" He apologized for the mistake Bank of America had made. XXXX gave me his direct line and told me he would answer when I called. I have called over 10 times and left 10 messages over the past several weeks. He has never called me back. \n\nI ultimately, had to wait till the money got to XXXX from Bank of America. Then ask them to mail me a check, then deposit the money in my chase account and then make a payment back to Bank of America. I have done all this. I have had to call their horrible phone system repeatedly and spent well over 12 hour on the phone with Bank of America trying to correct their mistake. I have sent the money back to them from the balance transfer. I have not received a refund for the balance transfer fee as I was promised. This has been the worst experience I've ever had with a bank or credit card.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "337XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-07-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with balance transfer",
  "text": "I got a bank of america credit card because in speaking with a phone rep there I was told certain terms regarding a balance transfer I planned to do. After applying for the card and being approved I saw that the information I was given was false so I called and complained to bank of america and cancelled the balance transfer I had initiated. I then used another credit card at another bank to do the balance transfer. \n\nA few weeks later I was notified by bank of america credit card that my balance transfer had gone through. I previously had complained and canceled this balance transfer due to being given false information- so why did they do this? I called to correct the matter and after spending many many hours on the phone... they do not have a functional phone system or customer service. It is designed to waste your time. Non- functioning automated systems, terrible over seas call centers, incompetence, disconnections, hold times of over an hour .... a nightmare. Eventually I reached a supervisor XXXX XXXX. \nHe said if I returned the funds I would get \" the balance transfer fee returned to me - 100 % \" He apologized for the mistake Bank of America had made. XXXX gave me his direct line and told me he would answer when I called. I have called over 10 times and left 10 messages over the past several weeks. He has never called me back. \n\nI ultimately, had to wait till the money got to XXXX from Bank of America. Then ask them to mail me a check, then deposit the money in my chase account and then make a payment back to Bank of America. I have done all this. I have had to call their horrible phone system repeatedly and spent well over 12 hour on the phone with Bank of America trying to correct their mistake. I have sent the money back to them from the balance transfer. I have not received a refund for the balance transfer fee as I was promised. This has been the worst experience I've ever had with a bank or credit card."
}

Chunk:
i got a bank of america credit card because in speaking with a phone rep there i was told certain terms regarding a balance transfer i planned to do. after applying for the card and being approved i saw that the information i was given was false so i called and complained to bank of america and cancelled the balance transfer i had initiated. i then used another credit card at another bank to do the balance transfer. a few weeks later i was notified by bank of america credit card that my balance transfer had gone through. i previously had complained and canceled this balance transfer due to being given false information - so why did they do this? i called to correct the matter and after spending many many hours on the phone... they do not have a functional phone system or customer service. it is designed to waste your time. non - functioning automated systems, terrible over seas call centers, incompetence, disconnections, hold times of over an hour.... a nightmare. eventually i reached a supervisor xxxx xxxx. he said if i returned the funds i would get " the balance transfer fee returned to me - 100 % " he apologized for the mistake bank of america had made. xxxx gave me his direct line and told me he would answer when i called. i have called over 10 times and left 10 messages over the past several weeks. he has never called me back. i ultimately, had to wait till the money got to xxxx from bank of america. then ask them to mail me a check, then deposit the money in my chase account and then make a payment back to bank of america. i have done all this. i have had to call their horrible phone system repeatedly and spent well over 12 hour on the phone with bank of america trying to correct their mistake. i have sent the money back to them from the balance transfer. i have not received a refund for the balance transfer fee as i was promised. this has been the worst experience i've ever had with a bank or credit card.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996271133422852
}
