Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9323120,
  "complaint_id": "9323120",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I applied for a credit card with Wells Fargo using my home telephone number which is a landline. However, they said I can not sign up to view my account online with a landline. They said a mobile phone is the only way they can securely verify me ( they had no problem issuing a card, however ). I've never heard of such a thing. My bank, other cards, and even Social Security have no issue sending me codes by email or calling my landline ( I'm on XXXX due to XXXX XXXX ). I've explained to these people that I struggle with small devices due to my XXXX XXXX I like to set up alerts on my accounts so I can spot any suspicious activity right away as well as keep track of my finances. \nI first called on XX/XX/XXXX ( XXXX ) .I was told I couldn't have an online account with a landline phone for security purposes ( my landline is actually tied to my home... a mobile phone could be lost anywhere ... makes no sense ). I was transferred to another person and got the same story. \nI filed a BBB complaint # XXXX, but they haven't responded to that complaint. \nOn XXXX someone from Wells Fargo called me XXXX ( I believe her name was XXXX? ). Essentially I was told the same thing. She said she would escalate it and send me a letter about our call. I haven't received the letter yet. \nOn XXXX I called Wells Fargo again XXXX. I'm told the same information and got transferred. The person I got transferred to gave me the same information and again... putting in an escalation. She told me I could go to a branch and really be pushy with them. There isn't a branch in my city. I only drive local because of my XXXX and I shouldn't have to go into a branch and cause a commotion. It's not the way to act and with my health I can not deal with these unnecessary stressful situations. I've never dealt with a bank like this and I shouldn't have to be discriminated against because I have a landline and having a big desktop or laptop screen is easier with my XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "539XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "I applied for a credit card with Wells Fargo using my home telephone number which is a landline. However, they said I can not sign up to view my account online with a landline. They said a mobile phone is the only way they can securely verify me ( they had no problem issuing a card, however ). I've never heard of such a thing. My bank, other cards, and even Social Security have no issue sending me codes by email or calling my landline ( I'm on XXXX due to XXXX XXXX ). I've explained to these people that I struggle with small devices due to my XXXX XXXX I like to set up alerts on my accounts so I can spot any suspicious activity right away as well as keep track of my finances. \nI first called on XX/XX/XXXX ( XXXX ) .I was told I couldn't have an online account with a landline phone for security purposes ( my landline is actually tied to my home... a mobile phone could be lost anywhere ... makes no sense ). I was transferred to another person and got the same story. \nI filed a BBB complaint # XXXX, but they haven't responded to that complaint. \nOn XXXX someone from Wells Fargo called me XXXX ( I believe her name was XXXX? ). Essentially I was told the same thing. She said she would escalate it and send me a letter about our call. I haven't received the letter yet. \nOn XXXX I called Wells Fargo again XXXX. I'm told the same information and got transferred. The person I got transferred to gave me the same information and again... putting in an escalation. She told me I could go to a branch and really be pushy with them. There isn't a branch in my city. I only drive local because of my XXXX and I shouldn't have to go into a branch and cause a commotion. It's not the way to act and with my health I can not deal with these unnecessary stressful situations. I've never dealt with a bank like this and I shouldn't have to be discriminated against because I have a landline and having a big desktop or laptop screen is easier with my XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
i applied for a credit card with wells fargo using my home telephone number which is a landline. however, they said i can not sign up to view my account online with a landline. they said a mobile phone is the only way they can securely verify me ( they had no problem issuing a card, however ). i've never heard of such a thing. my bank, other cards, and even social security have no issue sending me codes by email or calling my landline ( i'm on xxxx due to xxxx xxxx ). i've explained to these people that i struggle with small devices due to my xxxx xxxx i like to set up alerts on my accounts so i can spot any suspicious activity right away as well as keep track of my finances. i first called on xx / xx / xxxx ( xxxx ). i was told i couldn't have an online account with a landline phone for security purposes ( my landline is actually tied to my home... a mobile phone could be lost anywhere... makes no sense ). i was transferred to another person and got the same story. i filed a bbb complaint # xxxx, but they haven't responded to that complaint. on xxxx someone from wells fargo called me xxxx ( i believe her name was xxxx? ). essentially i was told the same thing. she said she would escalate it and send me a letter about our call. i haven't received the letter yet. on xxxx i called wells fargo again xxxx. i'm told the same information and got transferred. the person i got transferred to gave me the same information and again... putting in an escalation. she told me i could go to a branch and really be pushy with them. there isn't a branch in my city. i only drive local because of my xxxx and i shouldn't have to go into a branch and cause a commotion. it's not the way to act and with my health i can not deal with these unnecessary stressful situations. i've never dealt with a bank like this and i shouldn't have to be discriminated against because i have a landline and having a big desktop or laptop screen is easier with my xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9976508021354675
}
