Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9450884,
  "complaint_id": "9450884",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I had a Citibank credit card for 38 years but I closed the account last XXXX due to repeated security breaches with credit cards being sent to me for individuals I did not know. After repeated calls/attempts to resolve this issue and receiving poor customer service, I closed the account I cut up my card and did not log onto the website ( I was on paperless billing ) XXXX also forgot my password due to not using it anymore. I am thinking that this is a done issue. I received an email in XXXX stating I had a charge from XXXX for a subscription renewal. I was no longer using XXXX as I have a new laptop and am using XXXX now. I called Citibank and disputed the charge. I was told that the charge would be investigated as the charge was processed AFTER I closed the account. I once again think I am through with Citibank. This past XX/XX/XXXX, I received an email ( for the first time ) from Citibank stating that I owe over {$200.00}. I once again call Citibank and was routed from Customer Service to Billing Disputes to Security to Collections. Each representative claiming that they could not help me and then transferring me to the next department. I made repeated calls to Citibank over the next 2 weeks, spending about 4 hours on the phone, each call being routed to the different departments with no resolution .I sent a letter XX/XX/XXXX but have not heard anything. I sent a payment today, XX/XX/XXXX, for the balance of {$100.00} ( which I was told today when I called once again ). I do not owe this as I did not authorize the charge but am tired of trying to resolve the issue and continuing to accrue late fees. The delinquent payment is now reflecting on my credit rating. I am still confused how a payment was processed AFTER I closed the account and confused why no one I spoke with could explain it to me. Citibank has exhibited the worst customer service I have ever experienced, especially considering the fact I was a long time customer with an excellent payment history.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-09T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "39056",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-09T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MS",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I had a Citibank credit card for 38 years but I closed the account last XXXX due to repeated security breaches with credit cards being sent to me for individuals I did not know. After repeated calls/attempts to resolve this issue and receiving poor customer service, I closed the account I cut up my card and did not log onto the website ( I was on paperless billing ) XXXX also forgot my password due to not using it anymore. I am thinking that this is a done issue. I received an email in XXXX stating I had a charge from XXXX for a subscription renewal. I was no longer using XXXX as I have a new laptop and am using XXXX now. I called Citibank and disputed the charge. I was told that the charge would be investigated as the charge was processed AFTER I closed the account. I once again think I am through with Citibank. This past XX/XX/XXXX, I received an email ( for the first time ) from Citibank stating that I owe over {$200.00}. I once again call Citibank and was routed from Customer Service to Billing Disputes to Security to Collections. Each representative claiming that they could not help me and then transferring me to the next department. I made repeated calls to Citibank over the next 2 weeks, spending about 4 hours on the phone, each call being routed to the different departments with no resolution .I sent a letter XX/XX/XXXX but have not heard anything. I sent a payment today, XX/XX/XXXX, for the balance of {$100.00} ( which I was told today when I called once again ). I do not owe this as I did not authorize the charge but am tired of trying to resolve the issue and continuing to accrue late fees. The delinquent payment is now reflecting on my credit rating. I am still confused how a payment was processed AFTER I closed the account and confused why no one I spoke with could explain it to me. Citibank has exhibited the worst customer service I have ever experienced, especially considering the fact I was a long time customer with an excellent payment history."
}

Chunk:
i had a citibank credit card for 38 years but i closed the account last xxxx due to repeated security breaches with credit cards being sent to me for individuals i did not know. after repeated calls / attempts to resolve this issue and receiving poor customer service, i closed the account i cut up my card and did not log onto the website ( i was on paperless billing ) xxxx also forgot my password due to not using it anymore. i am thinking that this is a done issue. i received an email in xxxx stating i had a charge from xxxx for a subscription renewal. i was no longer using xxxx as i have a new laptop and am using xxxx now. i called citibank and disputed the charge. i was told that the charge would be investigated as the charge was processed after i closed the account. i once again think i am through with citibank. this past xx / xx / xxxx, i received an email ( for the first time ) from citibank stating that i owe over { $ 200. 00 }. i once again call citibank and was routed from customer service to billing disputes to security to collections. each representative claiming that they could not help me and then transferring me to the next department. i made repeated calls to citibank over the next 2 weeks, spending about 4 hours on the phone, each call being routed to the different departments with no resolution. i sent a letter xx / xx / xxxx but have not heard anything. i sent a payment today, xx / xx / xxxx, for the balance of { $ 100. 00 } ( which i was told today when i called once again ). i do not owe this as i did not authorize the charge but am tired of trying to resolve the issue and continuing to accrue late fees. the delinquent payment is now reflecting on my credit rating. i am still confused how a payment was processed after i closed the account and confused why no one i spoke with could explain it to me. citibank has exhibited the worst customer service i have ever experienced, especially considering the fact i was a long time customer with an excellent payment history.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995909333229065
}
