Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9072080,
  "complaint_id": "9072080",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "This is a follow-up complaint to complaint ID XXXX On XX/XX/year> I submitted XXXX online applications for the American Express XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX I intend on completing the application with the XXXX bonus, but somehow XXXX XXXX system accepted the application without the sign up bonus. Their system automatically denied my application with the sign up bonus request because I had started an application without XXXX. But I never intent on completing the application without a sign up bonus. I was not given a choice. \n\nIn the prior complaint, American Express failed to mention the bonus eligibility of the XXXX application I submitted the same day. I am a victim of how technology has failed in applying a proper sign up bonus. American Express should not have the ability to pick and choose whether a public promotion is applied based on a built in feature American Express 's response dated XX/XX/year>, appears highly irresponsible and deceptive. \n\nThey cite We are committed to making sure all customers are treated fairly. However, they failed to mention the bonus eligibility of the second application that was submitted the same day. Why should the consumer be punished by a company 's \" built-in feature '' error? Since when is intent not a factor to the CFPB? American Express intent on advertising XXXX bonus points to a new applicants. An application was filled out and approved based on the assumption the promotion would be properly applied. Now American Express is citing consumer/user error for a systems failure to apply the intended promotion? If I walked into a store and talk to a live person, this type of error would never have happened. A live person would know intent and the consumer would be able to express intent. So it is XXXX to blame this mix up on the consumer when a computer cant recognize intent in an application process. A consumer should not be taken advantage of due to a corporation 's policy/procedure failure.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "91748",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with rewards from credit card",
  "text": "This is a follow-up complaint to complaint ID XXXX On XX/XX/year> I submitted XXXX online applications for the American Express XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX I intend on completing the application with the XXXX bonus, but somehow XXXX XXXX system accepted the application without the sign up bonus. Their system automatically denied my application with the sign up bonus request because I had started an application without XXXX. But I never intent on completing the application without a sign up bonus. I was not given a choice. \n\nIn the prior complaint, American Express failed to mention the bonus eligibility of the XXXX application I submitted the same day. I am a victim of how technology has failed in applying a proper sign up bonus. American Express should not have the ability to pick and choose whether a public promotion is applied based on a built in feature American Express 's response dated XX/XX/year>, appears highly irresponsible and deceptive. \n\nThey cite We are committed to making sure all customers are treated fairly. However, they failed to mention the bonus eligibility of the second application that was submitted the same day. Why should the consumer be punished by a company 's \" built-in feature '' error? Since when is intent not a factor to the CFPB? American Express intent on advertising XXXX bonus points to a new applicants. An application was filled out and approved based on the assumption the promotion would be properly applied. Now American Express is citing consumer/user error for a systems failure to apply the intended promotion? If I walked into a store and talk to a live person, this type of error would never have happened. A live person would know intent and the consumer would be able to express intent. So it is XXXX to blame this mix up on the consumer when a computer cant recognize intent in an application process. A consumer should not be taken advantage of due to a corporation 's policy/procedure failure."
}

Chunk:
this is a follow - up complaint to complaint id xxxx on xx / xx / year > i submitted xxxx online applications for the american express xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx i intend on completing the application with the xxxx bonus, but somehow xxxx xxxx system accepted the application without the sign up bonus. their system automatically denied my application with the sign up bonus request because i had started an application without xxxx. but i never intent on completing the application without a sign up bonus. i was not given a choice. in the prior complaint, american express failed to mention the bonus eligibility of the xxxx application i submitted the same day. i am a victim of how technology has failed in applying a proper sign up bonus. american express should not have the ability to pick and choose whether a public promotion is applied based on a built in feature american express's response dated xx / xx / year >, appears highly irresponsible and deceptive. they cite we are committed to making sure all customers are treated fairly. however, they failed to mention the bonus eligibility of the second application that was submitted the same day. why should the consumer be punished by a company's " built - in feature'' error? since when is intent not a factor to the cfpb? american express intent on advertising xxxx bonus points to a new applicants. an application was filled out and approved based on the assumption the promotion would be properly applied. now american express is citing consumer / user error for a systems failure to apply the intended promotion? if i walked into a store and talk to a live person, this type of error would never have happened. a live person would know intent and the consumer would be able to express intent. so it is xxxx to blame this mix up on the consumer when a computer cant recognize intent in an application process. a consumer should not be taken advantage of due to a corporation's policy / procedure failure.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996474981307983
}
