Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9133293,
  "complaint_id": "9133293",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Chase advertises XXXX Pink membership for Chase Sapphire Reserve card. I had the membership activated in my account and I was getting the benefit before. \n\nChase issued a new credit card number because of a fraudulent transaction. When the new card number was entered to XXXX, it was no longer getting the benefit. I reached out to XXXX and I was told that the card was not eligible for XXXX Pink benefit. Benefit could only be active when the card was added for the first time. Since the card was re-added ( because of the card number change ), I was no longer eligible for XXXX Pink benefit ( screen shot attached ). \n\nChase failed to inform their customers about the effect of credit card number changes to the advertised benefits ( XXXX in this case ). The change of the card number was not a choice ; it was changed because of a fraudulent transaction. \n\nI tried to resolve this issue with Chase since XXXX with multiple calls without any resolution. Chase and XXXX were pointing at each other.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "200XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "DC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "Chase advertises XXXX Pink membership for Chase Sapphire Reserve card. I had the membership activated in my account and I was getting the benefit before. \n\nChase issued a new credit card number because of a fraudulent transaction. When the new card number was entered to XXXX, it was no longer getting the benefit. I reached out to XXXX and I was told that the card was not eligible for XXXX Pink benefit. Benefit could only be active when the card was added for the first time. Since the card was re-added ( because of the card number change ), I was no longer eligible for XXXX Pink benefit ( screen shot attached ). \n\nChase failed to inform their customers about the effect of credit card number changes to the advertised benefits ( XXXX in this case ). The change of the card number was not a choice ; it was changed because of a fraudulent transaction. \n\nI tried to resolve this issue with Chase since XXXX with multiple calls without any resolution. Chase and XXXX were pointing at each other."
}

Chunk:
chase advertises xxxx pink membership for chase sapphire reserve card. i had the membership activated in my account and i was getting the benefit before. chase issued a new credit card number because of a fraudulent transaction. when the new card number was entered to xxxx, it was no longer getting the benefit. i reached out to xxxx and i was told that the card was not eligible for xxxx pink benefit. benefit could only be active when the card was added for the first time. since the card was re - added ( because of the card number change ), i was no longer eligible for xxxx pink benefit ( screen shot attached ). chase failed to inform their customers about the effect of credit card number changes to the advertised benefits ( xxxx in this case ). the change of the card number was not a choice ; it was changed because of a fraudulent transaction. i tried to resolve this issue with chase since xxxx with multiple calls without any resolution. chase and xxxx were pointing at each other.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996218681335449
}
