Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9435532,
  "complaint_id": "9435532",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I was approved for an Barclays XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/year>. I received the card in the mail later in XXXX and attempted to activate the card on XX/XX/year>. I was unable to activate online and called the Barclays customer service line. I was told that there was potential fraud on my account and it was unable to be opened. Barclays requested that I mail personal information such as a copy of my drivers license to a po box and I declined and said that I would prefer to close the card since it had yet to be used ( note that there were no charges on the card even through there was potential fraud ). I was transferred to the Fraud Protection team who then told me that I could not close the credit card due to the hold and that I would need to provide this same information to close the account. Note that there is a {$99.00} annual fee due and I would still be responsible for this fee even though I could not open or close the account. I am able to receive e-mail, phone, or mail to the addresses provided on the account approval but never received anything from Barclays prior to my call today. I am now at a point where I will have to send confidential information through the mail or fax in order to close an account and not have late fees, etc. for an annual fee. I think this is illegal and there is no reason that I should not be able to close ( or open ) an account when I have provided and am available at any of the approved contact methods.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "48111",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-07-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't close your account",
  "text": "I was approved for an Barclays XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/year>. I received the card in the mail later in XXXX and attempted to activate the card on XX/XX/year>. I was unable to activate online and called the Barclays customer service line. I was told that there was potential fraud on my account and it was unable to be opened. Barclays requested that I mail personal information such as a copy of my drivers license to a po box and I declined and said that I would prefer to close the card since it had yet to be used ( note that there were no charges on the card even through there was potential fraud ). I was transferred to the Fraud Protection team who then told me that I could not close the credit card due to the hold and that I would need to provide this same information to close the account. Note that there is a {$99.00} annual fee due and I would still be responsible for this fee even though I could not open or close the account. I am able to receive e-mail, phone, or mail to the addresses provided on the account approval but never received anything from Barclays prior to my call today. I am now at a point where I will have to send confidential information through the mail or fax in order to close an account and not have late fees, etc. for an annual fee. I think this is illegal and there is no reason that I should not be able to close ( or open ) an account when I have provided and am available at any of the approved contact methods."
}

Chunk:
i was approved for an barclays xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx on xx / xx / year >. i received the card in the mail later in xxxx and attempted to activate the card on xx / xx / year >. i was unable to activate online and called the barclays customer service line. i was told that there was potential fraud on my account and it was unable to be opened. barclays requested that i mail personal information such as a copy of my drivers license to a po box and i declined and said that i would prefer to close the card since it had yet to be used ( note that there were no charges on the card even through there was potential fraud ). i was transferred to the fraud protection team who then told me that i could not close the credit card due to the hold and that i would need to provide this same information to close the account. note that there is a { $ 99. 00 } annual fee due and i would still be responsible for this fee even though i could not open or close the account. i am able to receive e - mail, phone, or mail to the addresses provided on the account approval but never received anything from barclays prior to my call today. i am now at a point where i will have to send confidential information through the mail or fax in order to close an account and not have late fees, etc. for an annual fee. i think this is illegal and there is no reason that i should not be able to close ( or open ) an account when i have provided and am available at any of the approved contact methods.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995761513710022
}
