Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9685465,
  "complaint_id": "9685465",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I had a care credit card account that I used for medical expenses and vet expenses. The card is issued through Synchrony Bank. I had logged in to the online customer portal to see my account balance so I could payoff the card, as I have done several times in the past already since I have had this card for YEARS. Upon logging in to my account I saw that my account had been closed. I did not request this closure nor was I informed of any issues that would cause this to happen. When I initiated contact with customer service to find out what happened I was told they closed my account due to XXXX returned payments in a XXXX month period. The first XXXX they told me about was {$100.00} on XX/XX/year> which I have no knowledge of. The second was a mistake on my part when entering the routing number. I contacted customer service regarding the returned payment and was not told anything about my account being automatically closed due to their policy. I am in the process of taking a mortgage and hope this unauthorized and unnecessary closure does not affect that process or my credit report. This is potentially detrimental to customers and it is disgusting that they do not offer any grace for human error. I was also told I was being transferred to a supervisor to speak about the issue and instead the agent ended my chat. There is no accountability or resolution to be seen for this disgusting treatment of their customers.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-08-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "29154",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-08-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "SC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "I had a care credit card account that I used for medical expenses and vet expenses. The card is issued through Synchrony Bank. I had logged in to the online customer portal to see my account balance so I could payoff the card, as I have done several times in the past already since I have had this card for YEARS. Upon logging in to my account I saw that my account had been closed. I did not request this closure nor was I informed of any issues that would cause this to happen. When I initiated contact with customer service to find out what happened I was told they closed my account due to XXXX returned payments in a XXXX month period. The first XXXX they told me about was {$100.00} on XX/XX/year> which I have no knowledge of. The second was a mistake on my part when entering the routing number. I contacted customer service regarding the returned payment and was not told anything about my account being automatically closed due to their policy. I am in the process of taking a mortgage and hope this unauthorized and unnecessary closure does not affect that process or my credit report. This is potentially detrimental to customers and it is disgusting that they do not offer any grace for human error. I was also told I was being transferred to a supervisor to speak about the issue and instead the agent ended my chat. There is no accountability or resolution to be seen for this disgusting treatment of their customers."
}

Chunk:
i had a care credit card account that i used for medical expenses and vet expenses. the card is issued through synchrony bank. i had logged in to the online customer portal to see my account balance so i could payoff the card, as i have done several times in the past already since i have had this card for years. upon logging in to my account i saw that my account had been closed. i did not request this closure nor was i informed of any issues that would cause this to happen. when i initiated contact with customer service to find out what happened i was told they closed my account due to xxxx returned payments in a xxxx month period. the first xxxx they told me about was { $ 100. 00 } on xx / xx / year > which i have no knowledge of. the second was a mistake on my part when entering the routing number. i contacted customer service regarding the returned payment and was not told anything about my account being automatically closed due to their policy. i am in the process of taking a mortgage and hope this unauthorized and unnecessary closure does not affect that process or my credit report. this is potentially detrimental to customers and it is disgusting that they do not offer any grace for human error. i was also told i was being transferred to a supervisor to speak about the issue and instead the agent ended my chat. there is no accountability or resolution to be seen for this disgusting treatment of their customers.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995684027671814
}
