Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9327442,
  "complaint_id": "9327442",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Several things happened, but here are a few. PayPal charged me fees for insurance or some sort of security plan multiple times. I personally dont know how many time they charged me but I received a refund for one charge, but not sure about others. I is so complicated because they charged me for this several times. I observed it this month. I never subscribed to any insurance plans. I noticed one of these unauthorized charges on my statement, canceled it, and got a refund. \n\nThere are other unauthorized charges by PayPal, but I dont have time to go through all of them. My main concern is that PayPal enrolled and charged me for something I never subscribed to. Interestingly, you dont even receive a notification when PayPal does it. This means that if someone is not observant of these kinds of plans they never subscribed to, they can lose money on this even when they dont want it. I was smart enough to look at my statements, so I canceled it, but what about people who dont look at their statements at all? \n\nBy charging multiple amounts like {$3.00} without my choice and permission, PayPal is scamming its customers. If they charged it to me, they are likely doing it to thousands or millions of other credit card customers. So they are making millions of dollars from this scam. \n\nThey charged me for other random stuff too like I dont remember but something like a overdraft fees even when I paid on time. They refunded overdraft fees when I pointed its wrongfully charged. Imagine if I am not an observant person PayPal would rip me off. This type of wrong charges dont happen with other cards I have. Something is off with PayPal card services.\n\nPayPal is practicing illegal and unethical tactics. They need to stop. They dont have a dispute option on the app, and calls have long wait times to fix problems. I have many other credit cards, but none of them ever charged me for fraudulently for services I never subscribed. I filed some complaints against them to dispute transactions, and they temporarily fixed it, but after some time, without any notifications, they charged me the disputed payment again. I am not able to read my past statements because they are not loading in the app. PayPal is a monopoly standing on pillars of greed beyond ethics.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "Several things happened, but here are a few. PayPal charged me fees for insurance or some sort of security plan multiple times. I personally dont know how many time they charged me but I received a refund for one charge, but not sure about others. I is so complicated because they charged me for this several times. I observed it this month. I never subscribed to any insurance plans. I noticed one of these unauthorized charges on my statement, canceled it, and got a refund. \n\nThere are other unauthorized charges by PayPal, but I dont have time to go through all of them. My main concern is that PayPal enrolled and charged me for something I never subscribed to. Interestingly, you dont even receive a notification when PayPal does it. This means that if someone is not observant of these kinds of plans they never subscribed to, they can lose money on this even when they dont want it. I was smart enough to look at my statements, so I canceled it, but what about people who dont look at their statements at all? \n\nBy charging multiple amounts like {$3.00} without my choice and permission, PayPal is scamming its customers. If they charged it to me, they are likely doing it to thousands or millions of other credit card customers. So they are making millions of dollars from this scam. \n\nThey charged me for other random stuff too like I dont remember but something like a overdraft fees even when I paid on time. They refunded overdraft fees when I pointed its wrongfully charged. Imagine if I am not an observant person PayPal would rip me off. This type of wrong charges dont happen with other cards I have. Something is off with PayPal card services.\n\nPayPal is practicing illegal and unethical tactics. They need to stop. They dont have a dispute option on the app, and calls have long wait times to fix problems. I have many other credit cards, but none of them ever charged me for fraudulently for services I never subscribed. I filed some complaints against them to dispute transactions, and they temporarily fixed it, but after some time, without any notifications, they charged me the disputed payment again. I am not able to read my past statements because they are not loading in the app. PayPal is a monopoly standing on pillars of greed beyond ethics."
}

Chunk:
several things happened, but here are a few. paypal charged me fees for insurance or some sort of security plan multiple times. i personally dont know how many time they charged me but i received a refund for one charge, but not sure about others. i is so complicated because they charged me for this several times. i observed it this month. i never subscribed to any insurance plans. i noticed one of these unauthorized charges on my statement, canceled it, and got a refund. there are other unauthorized charges by paypal, but i dont have time to go through all of them. my main concern is that paypal enrolled and charged me for something i never subscribed to. interestingly, you dont even receive a notification when paypal does it. this means that if someone is not observant of these kinds of plans they never subscribed to, they can lose money on this even when they dont want it. i was smart enough to look at my statements, so i canceled it, but what about people who dont look at their statements at all? by charging multiple amounts like { $ 3. 00 } without my choice and permission, paypal is scamming its customers. if they charged it to me, they are likely doing it to thousands or millions of other credit card customers. so they are making millions of dollars from this scam. they charged me for other random stuff too like i dont remember but something like a overdraft fees even when i paid on time. they refunded overdraft fees when i pointed its wrongfully charged. imagine if i am not an observant person paypal would rip me off. this type of wrong charges dont happen with other cards i have. something is off with paypal card services. paypal is practicing illegal and unethical tactics. they need to stop. they dont have a dispute option on the app, and calls have long wait times to fix problems. i have many other credit cards, but none of them ever charged me for fraudulently for services i never subscribed. i filed some complaints against them to dispute transactions, and they temporarily fixed it, but after some time, without any notifications, they charged me the disputed payment again. i am not able to read my past statements because they are not loading in the app. paypal is a monopoly standing on pillars of greed beyond ethics.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993836879730225
}
