Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9276026,
  "complaint_id": "9276026",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to lodge a formal complaint against Bank of America regarding their failure to provide me with a physical address to submit my opt-out notice from sharing my personal non-public information with non-affiliates, as stipulated by the U.S. Privacy Act. \n\nOn XXXX, I spent over two hours on the phone with Bank of America 's customer service. During this time, I was repeatedly given the run-around and transferred 20 times. Despite my persistent efforts, I was not provided with a physical address to submit my opt-out notice. At the end of this frustrating ordeal, I was informed that they do not have an actual address for this purpose, which is both unacceptable and in violation of my rights under the U.S. Privacy Act. \n\nThis lack of transparency and cooperation from Bank of America is deeply concerning and has caused me significant frustration and inconvenience.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "342XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Privacy issues",
  "text": "I am writing to lodge a formal complaint against Bank of America regarding their failure to provide me with a physical address to submit my opt-out notice from sharing my personal non-public information with non-affiliates, as stipulated by the U.S. Privacy Act. \n\nOn XXXX, I spent over two hours on the phone with Bank of America 's customer service. During this time, I was repeatedly given the run-around and transferred 20 times. Despite my persistent efforts, I was not provided with a physical address to submit my opt-out notice. At the end of this frustrating ordeal, I was informed that they do not have an actual address for this purpose, which is both unacceptable and in violation of my rights under the U.S. Privacy Act. \n\nThis lack of transparency and cooperation from Bank of America is deeply concerning and has caused me significant frustration and inconvenience."
}

Chunk:
i am writing to lodge a formal complaint against bank of america regarding their failure to provide me with a physical address to submit my opt - out notice from sharing my personal non - public information with non - affiliates, as stipulated by the u. s. privacy act. on xxxx, i spent over two hours on the phone with bank of america's customer service. during this time, i was repeatedly given the run - around and transferred 20 times. despite my persistent efforts, i was not provided with a physical address to submit my opt - out notice. at the end of this frustrating ordeal, i was informed that they do not have an actual address for this purpose, which is both unacceptable and in violation of my rights under the u. s. privacy act. this lack of transparency and cooperation from bank of america is deeply concerning and has caused me significant frustration and inconvenience.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991758465766907
}
