Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9258740,
  "complaint_id": "9258740",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have a Wayfair credit card issued by CITI Bank. My XXXX  and wallet were stolen back in XX/XX/2024. I have been trying to put together all the fraud I have endured and figure out what happened on my own. Citi Bank or Wayfair is not helping me at all. And they have found me responsible for the fraudulent charges twice. My XXXX had all of my personal information on it along with access to my phone and text messages. The criminals have also been using a fake address to obtain credit with my personal information. Now the fraud address is on my credit report. Citi Bank is saying because the fraud address associated with the fraud charges is on my credit report that proves I made the charges. I had to buy a new XXXX and put a credit freeze from the credit reporting agencies. I got a police report as well but it had to be revised because the wrong date was put on the report. I need help because these are not my charges,",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "21214",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MD",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I have a Wayfair credit card issued by CITI Bank. My XXXX  and wallet were stolen back in XX/XX/2024. I have been trying to put together all the fraud I have endured and figure out what happened on my own. Citi Bank or Wayfair is not helping me at all. And they have found me responsible for the fraudulent charges twice. My XXXX had all of my personal information on it along with access to my phone and text messages. The criminals have also been using a fake address to obtain credit with my personal information. Now the fraud address is on my credit report. Citi Bank is saying because the fraud address associated with the fraud charges is on my credit report that proves I made the charges. I had to buy a new XXXX and put a credit freeze from the credit reporting agencies. I got a police report as well but it had to be revised because the wrong date was put on the report. I need help because these are not my charges,"
}

Chunk:
i have a wayfair credit card issued by citi bank. my xxxx and wallet were stolen back in xx / xx / 2024. i have been trying to put together all the fraud i have endured and figure out what happened on my own. citi bank or wayfair is not helping me at all. and they have found me responsible for the fraudulent charges twice. my xxxx had all of my personal information on it along with access to my phone and text messages. the criminals have also been using a fake address to obtain credit with my personal information. now the fraud address is on my credit report. citi bank is saying because the fraud address associated with the fraud charges is on my credit report that proves i made the charges. i had to buy a new xxxx and put a credit freeze from the credit reporting agencies. i got a police report as well but it had to be revised because the wrong date was put on the report. i need help because these are not my charges,

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996115565299988
}
