Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9077085,
  "complaint_id": "9077085",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I contacted Citibank after my family 's cards ( XXXX XXXX & XXXX XXXX ) were lost during our vacation. Upon checking my account, I discovered that my sons card had been stolen and used. I promptly notified Citibank about the fraudulent charges. They apologized for the inconvenience and assured me that cardholders have XXXX liability for fraud, and a temporary credit would be issued while the claim is processed. However, no action has been taken since the claim was filed. Despite being a loyal customer and continuing to pay my bill, this situation has created a hardship and is negatively impacting my credit and credit line. This issue needs to be resolved and updated immediately.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "381XX",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I contacted Citibank after my family 's cards ( XXXX XXXX & XXXX XXXX ) were lost during our vacation. Upon checking my account, I discovered that my sons card had been stolen and used. I promptly notified Citibank about the fraudulent charges. They apologized for the inconvenience and assured me that cardholders have XXXX liability for fraud, and a temporary credit would be issued while the claim is processed. However, no action has been taken since the claim was filed. Despite being a loyal customer and continuing to pay my bill, this situation has created a hardship and is negatively impacting my credit and credit line. This issue needs to be resolved and updated immediately."
}

Chunk:
i contacted citibank after my family's cards ( xxxx xxxx & xxxx xxxx ) were lost during our vacation. upon checking my account, i discovered that my sons card had been stolen and used. i promptly notified citibank about the fraudulent charges. they apologized for the inconvenience and assured me that cardholders have xxxx liability for fraud, and a temporary credit would be issued while the claim is processed. however, no action has been taken since the claim was filed. despite being a loyal customer and continuing to pay my bill, this situation has created a hardship and is negatively impacting my credit and credit line. this issue needs to be resolved and updated immediately.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999302864074707
}
