Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9171478,
  "complaint_id": "9171478",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "NOTIFICATION OF PENDING SUIT! \nThis is a formal challenge of the alleged debt claim. I do hereby demand proof of any outstanding balance via a comprehensive accounting and that record shall be supplied in an electronic format supporting the alleged accounting. I also give notice on behalf of My ESTATE ASSETS listed below, that a promissory note has been tendered along with the application as required in law. According to 59 STAT 237 2 the promissory note was the ELIGIBLE PAPER, the collateral and security ( satisfying any security interest and/or collateral obligation as defined in law ). Any claims to the contrary are unlawful in the United States as established by the United States XXXX via the Federal Reserve Act Section 16 Paragraphs 2 and 4! You are hereby ordered to cease-and-desist any and all collection activity until such proof is furnished otherwise a lawsuit will be commenced against your bond and your bond issuing company for your failure to comply with law! \n\nI ask that you forgive my estate for the debt, that I and my estate are/am sorry and do repent, as I have elected to forgive your oversight as required in law : The requirement of forgiving debts- ( XXXX XXXX ) XXXX and forgive us our debts, as we also have forgiven our debtors. - The law corresponding with this in the United States may be had at 12 USC 248 which reads : ( g ) Requiring writing off of doubtful or worthless assets of banks To require the writing off of doubtful or worthless assets upon the books and balance sheets of Federal reserve banks. Reserve bank means : The term member bank shall be held to mean any national bank, XXXX bank, or bank or trust company You have an account with XXXX of the XXXX Federal Reserve XXXX which is a member bank XXXX XXXX Federal Reserve which means that this provision is applicable to your institution as defined in statute, as per member services your agreement makes you a member of that local Federal Reserve INSTRUMENTALITY! Through this act, the United States government has stated that it will forgive your indebtedness by giving you a dollar for dollar credit offset towards any tax liabilities you may have including net operating loss deductions! \nWhereas the XXXX, the Word of XXXX, has made a unique contribution in shaping the United States as a distinctive and blessed nation and people ; Whereas deeply held religious convictions springing from the XXXX Scriptures led to the early settlement of our Nation ; Whereas Biblical teachings inspired concepts of civil government that are contained in our Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States ; Whereas many of our great national leadersamong them Presidents XXXX XXXX, XXXX, and XXXXpaid tribute to the surpassing influence of the XXXX in our country 's development, as in the words of XXXX XXXX that the XXXX is \" the rock on which our Republic rests '' ; Whereas the history of our Nation clearly illustrates the value of voluntarily applying the teachings of the Scriptures in the lives of individuals, families, and societies ; Whereas this Nation now faces great challenges that will test this Nation as it has never been tested before ; and Whereas that renewing our knowledge of and faith in XXXX through XXXX XXXX can strengthen us as a nation and a people : Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the XXXX and House XXXX XXXX of the United States of America in XXXX assembled, That the President is authorized and requested to designate XXXX as a national \" Year of the XXXX '' in recognition of both the formative influence the XXXX has been for our Nation, and our national need to study and apply the teachings of the XXXX Scriptures. Approved XX/XX/XXXX PUBLIC LAW XXXX. XXXX, XXXX XXXX STAT. XXXX, https : XXXX This is not a spiritual matter this is a legal matter! Which is based on legal principles, as XXXX has acknowledged the influence and effect of the XXXX 's laws on American law. And as such, any Bank as identified by the term member bank or reserve bank, with a debt owed by them of greater than {$600.00} is/are required under the XXXX section XXXX, in-conjunction with IRS form 1099 C XXXX and 12 STAT 248 ( g ), are to write off and/or cancel debts that are deemed worthless and uncollectible. This is documented when an institution sends the matter, the outstanding debt to a collection agency and or attempts to foreclose on the collateral. For forgiving debts, under the very same principle of XXXX the XXXX chapter, the United States Government credits the account of the filer dollar for dollar in either a reduction, a deduction, and/or a credit associated with the tax liabilities and the offset implied by the enactment of law! \nYou [ the term and/or phrase and/or word you, and/or your whether in the singular or in the plural, shall be held to refer to the alleged debt collector and/or the alleged party representative ] have failed to provide proof of an outstanding debt. Your communication and your debt collection activities appear to violate the XXXX XXXX of XX/XX/XXXX! Specifically, the Act makes it unlawful for any alleged obligor to demand payment for any debt in the United States in any coin or currency of the United States. All debts must be repaid dollar for dollar! THE TRUTH IN LENDING ACT statement, XXXX Stat XXXX, XXXX and other applicable laws and/or principles of law for and of the United States of America XXXX ; indicates that your alleged client which extended credit as a CONSUMER CREDIT TRANSACTION has had it returned by the borrower for the credit extended via the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX by this BANKING BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP Transaction. You are damaging My ESTATE ASSETS and reputation and you bring disrepute upon My natural person THE CONSUMER and XXXX XXXX XXXX name. You will cease any and all further attempts of harm to person and/or property associated with My natural person and/or ESTATE and/or ESTATE ASSETS, unless you can provide proof of an outstanding amount and proof that you have compensated My ESTATE for the trading of the security on the market whereby profit has been made! You will also supply proof that you have not been reimbursed by the Federal Reserve under Section 16 Paragraphs 2 and 4 of the FEDERAL RESERVE ACT! \n\nThis correspondence is to formally address the unresolved matter of the alleged debt, account number noted above, which your agency has claimed is owed. In accordance with the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ), specifically [ \" 82 STAT PAGE 162 894. Collection of extensions of credit by extortionate means \" \" ( a ) Whoever knowingly participates in any way, or conspires to do so, in the use of any extortionate means \" ( XXXX ) to collect or attempt to collect any extension of credit, or \" ( XXXX ) to punish any person for the nonrepayment thereof, shall be fined not more than {$10000.00} or imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. ] and under Sections 809 ( a ) and 809 ( b ) of the FDCPA, I have previously requested validation of this debt. However, your agency has failed to provide the requisite documentation to substantiate the claimed debt, thus violating My natural person and/or ESTATE and/or ESTATE ASSETS, property rights under the FDCPA. In an effort to pursue possible litigation with any of the following information responded to without delay, this discovery request is supported by your duty and obligation as the indentured party and/or fiduciary, and/or intermediary and/or custodian of record as this matter is coupled with an interest! \n*Please note, that THE TRUTH IN LENDING ACT STATEMENT evidences the extension of credit, there has been no evidence on any record to my knowledge as to funding of the loan, which means you are in direct violation of federal law and statute as noted above as well as 82 Stat 152, 153 and other applicable laws and/or principles of law for and of the United States of America XXXX XXXX You will provide proof to the contrary, or I will prosecute your bond and the insurance company responsible therefore and thereof, in Small Claims Court for said violations! \n\nIN EXCHANGE for : Your communication evidences An exchange, that My ESTATE received something of value in return for consideration or vice versa, I ( shall always be inclusive ) have no evidence of FUNDING, and since you have brought forth a claim that there is evidence of an EXCHANGE. I require proof of the exchange i.e. : funding, since there has been an allegation that funding was provided. My ESTATE having no evidence of such funding, only evidence of a CONSUMER CREDIT TRANSACTION, and the extension of credit does not evidence the loaning of funds as defined in law that could substantiate any claim whereby debt collection and/or foreclosure proceedings may commence without furnishing proof thereof! \nLegal Definition and Requirement of Debt Validation : The FDCPA mandates that debt collectors must provide comprehensive validation of a debt upon a consumer 's request. This validation entails a detailed accounting of the debt owed, including but not limited to a signed affidavit or a legally binding declaration that confirms the accuracy and ownership of the debt. The absence of such documentation directly contravenes the stipulations set forth by the FDCPA, rendering any attempts to collect said debt not only unethical but unlawful. \nViolation of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act : Your continued efforts to collect this disputed debt without providing proper validation are in direct violation of the FDCPA, which protects consumers from abusive, deceptive, and unfair debt collection practices. The Act stipulates a clear moratorium or stay on collection activities upon the dispute of a debt, which your agency has blatantly disregarded. \nFailure to Disclose Liability Insurance Information : Moreover, your refusal to disclose your licensing and bonding information, upon our request, inhibits our ability to file a claim for damages caused by your non-compliance with the law. This information is critical for pursuing legal remedies and is a requirement for businesses engaged in debt collection activities and/or practices, to maintain. Your agency 's failure to provide this information further evidences a disregard for legal obligations and consumer rights. This communication will serve as a final attempt as to obtaining such information within 15 calendar days of receipt! \nGiven these circumstances, Iam left with the choice to pursue legal action in small claims court against you collectively and/or individually for failing to validate the disputed debt as legally required and for your continued collection attempts in violation of the FDCPA. This action will seek not only to address the violation of SECURED rights under the FDCPA but also to claim damages for the harm caused by these unlawful practices. \nImmediate Corrective Action Required : I demand immediate cessation of all collection activities related to this account and the provision of the requested validation and insurance information. Failure to comply will result in legal proceedings without further notice. \n\nINTERROGATORIES : INTERROGATORIES ( are to be answered contextually, without regard to typo, sentence structure and/or grammar. Everyone is deemed to know the law, everyone is deemed to have a reasonable understanding of law, the following is founded on the maxim i.e. : principles of law, please be advised )-",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "331XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Maximus Federal Services, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "NOTIFICATION OF PENDING SUIT! \nThis is a formal challenge of the alleged debt claim. I do hereby demand proof of any outstanding balance via a comprehensive accounting and that record shall be supplied in an electronic format supporting the alleged accounting. I also give notice on behalf of My ESTATE ASSETS listed below, that a promissory note has been tendered along with the application as required in law. According to 59 STAT 237 2 the promissory note was the ELIGIBLE PAPER, the collateral and security ( satisfying any security interest and/or collateral obligation as defined in law ). Any claims to the contrary are unlawful in the United States as established by the United States XXXX via the Federal Reserve Act Section 16 Paragraphs 2 and 4! You are hereby ordered to cease-and-desist any and all collection activity until such proof is furnished otherwise a lawsuit will be commenced against your bond and your bond issuing company for your failure to comply with law! \n\nI ask that you forgive my estate for the debt, that I and my estate are/am sorry and do repent, as I have elected to forgive your oversight as required in law : The requirement of forgiving debts- ( XXXX XXXX ) XXXX and forgive us our debts, as we also have forgiven our debtors. - The law corresponding with this in the United States may be had at 12 USC 248 which reads : ( g ) Requiring writing off of doubtful or worthless assets of banks To require the writing off of doubtful or worthless assets upon the books and balance sheets of Federal reserve banks. Reserve bank means : The term member bank shall be held to mean any national bank, XXXX bank, or bank or trust company You have an account with XXXX of the XXXX Federal Reserve XXXX which is a member bank XXXX XXXX Federal Reserve which means that this provision is applicable to your institution as defined in statute, as per member services your agreement makes you a member of that local Federal Reserve INSTRUMENTALITY! Through this act, the United States government has stated that it will forgive your indebtedness by giving you a dollar for dollar credit offset towards any tax liabilities you may have including net operating loss deductions! \nWhereas the XXXX, the Word of XXXX, has made a unique contribution in shaping the United States as a distinctive and blessed nation and people ; Whereas deeply held religious convictions springing from the XXXX Scriptures led to the early settlement of our Nation ; Whereas Biblical teachings inspired concepts of civil government that are contained in our Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States ; Whereas many of our great national leadersamong them Presidents XXXX XXXX, XXXX, and XXXXpaid tribute to the surpassing influence of the XXXX in our country 's development, as in the words of XXXX XXXX that the XXXX is \" the rock on which our Republic rests '' ; Whereas the history of our Nation clearly illustrates the value of voluntarily applying the teachings of the Scriptures in the lives of individuals, families, and societies ; Whereas this Nation now faces great challenges that will test this Nation as it has never been tested before ; and Whereas that renewing our knowledge of and faith in XXXX through XXXX XXXX can strengthen us as a nation and a people : Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the XXXX and House XXXX XXXX of the United States of America in XXXX assembled, That the President is authorized and requested to designate XXXX as a national \" Year of the XXXX '' in recognition of both the formative influence the XXXX has been for our Nation, and our national need to study and apply the teachings of the XXXX Scriptures. Approved XX/XX/XXXX PUBLIC LAW XXXX. XXXX, XXXX XXXX STAT. XXXX, https : XXXX This is not a spiritual matter this is a legal matter! Which is based on legal principles, as XXXX has acknowledged the influence and effect of the XXXX 's laws on American law. And as such, any Bank as identified by the term member bank or reserve bank, with a debt owed by them of greater than {$600.00} is/are required under the XXXX section XXXX, in-conjunction with IRS form 1099 C XXXX and 12 STAT 248 ( g ), are to write off and/or cancel debts that are deemed worthless and uncollectible. This is documented when an institution sends the matter, the outstanding debt to a collection agency and or attempts to foreclose on the collateral. For forgiving debts, under the very same principle of XXXX the XXXX chapter, the United States Government credits the account of the filer dollar for dollar in either a reduction, a deduction, and/or a credit associated with the tax liabilities and the offset implied by the enactment of law! \nYou [ the term and/or phrase and/or word you, and/or your whether in the singular or in the plural, shall be held to refer to the alleged debt collector and/or the alleged party representative ] have failed to provide proof of an outstanding debt. Your communication and your debt collection activities appear to violate the XXXX XXXX of XX/XX/XXXX! Specifically, the Act makes it unlawful for any alleged obligor to demand payment for any debt in the United States in any coin or currency of the United States. All debts must be repaid dollar for dollar! THE TRUTH IN LENDING ACT statement, XXXX Stat XXXX, XXXX and other applicable laws and/or principles of law for and of the United States of America XXXX ; indicates that your alleged client which extended credit as a CONSUMER CREDIT TRANSACTION has had it returned by the borrower for the credit extended via the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX by this BANKING BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP Transaction. You are damaging My ESTATE ASSETS and reputation and you bring disrepute upon My natural person THE CONSUMER and XXXX XXXX XXXX name. You will cease any and all further attempts of harm to person and/or property associated with My natural person and/or ESTATE and/or ESTATE ASSETS, unless you can provide proof of an outstanding amount and proof that you have compensated My ESTATE for the trading of the security on the market whereby profit has been made! You will also supply proof that you have not been reimbursed by the Federal Reserve under Section 16 Paragraphs 2 and 4 of the FEDERAL RESERVE ACT! \n\nThis correspondence is to formally address the unresolved matter of the alleged debt, account number noted above, which your agency has claimed is owed. In accordance with the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ), specifically [ \" 82 STAT PAGE 162 894. Collection of extensions of credit by extortionate means \" \" ( a ) Whoever knowingly participates in any way, or conspires to do so, in the use of any extortionate means \" ( XXXX ) to collect or attempt to collect any extension of credit, or \" ( XXXX ) to punish any person for the nonrepayment thereof, shall be fined not more than {$10000.00} or imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. ] and under Sections 809 ( a ) and 809 ( b ) of the FDCPA, I have previously requested validation of this debt. However, your agency has failed to provide the requisite documentation to substantiate the claimed debt, thus violating My natural person and/or ESTATE and/or ESTATE ASSETS, property rights under the FDCPA. In an effort to pursue possible litigation with any of the following information responded to without delay, this discovery request is supported by your duty and obligation as the indentured party and/or fiduciary, and/or intermediary and/or custodian of record as this matter is coupled with an interest! \n*Please note, that THE TRUTH IN LENDING ACT STATEMENT evidences the extension of credit, there has been no evidence on any record to my knowledge as to funding of the loan, which means you are in direct violation of federal law and statute as noted above as well as 82 Stat 152, 153 and other applicable laws and/or principles of law for and of the United States of America XXXX XXXX You will provide proof to the contrary, or I will prosecute your bond and the insurance company responsible therefore and thereof, in Small Claims Court for said violations! \n\nIN EXCHANGE for : Your communication evidences An exchange, that My ESTATE received something of value in return for consideration or vice versa, I ( shall always be inclusive ) have no evidence of FUNDING, and since you have brought forth a claim that there is evidence of an EXCHANGE. I require proof of the exchange i.e. : funding, since there has been an allegation that funding was provided. My ESTATE having no evidence of such funding, only evidence of a CONSUMER CREDIT TRANSACTION, and the extension of credit does not evidence the loaning of funds as defined in law that could substantiate any claim whereby debt collection and/or foreclosure proceedings may commence without furnishing proof thereof! \nLegal Definition and Requirement of Debt Validation : The FDCPA mandates that debt collectors must provide comprehensive validation of a debt upon a consumer 's request. This validation entails a detailed accounting of the debt owed, including but not limited to a signed affidavit or a legally binding declaration that confirms the accuracy and ownership of the debt. The absence of such documentation directly contravenes the stipulations set forth by the FDCPA, rendering any attempts to collect said debt not only unethical but unlawful. \nViolation of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act : Your continued efforts to collect this disputed debt without providing proper validation are in direct violation of the FDCPA, which protects consumers from abusive, deceptive, and unfair debt collection practices. The Act stipulates a clear moratorium or stay on collection activities upon the dispute of a debt, which your agency has blatantly disregarded. \nFailure to Disclose Liability Insurance Information : Moreover, your refusal to disclose your licensing and bonding information, upon our request, inhibits our ability to file a claim for damages caused by your non-compliance with the law. This information is critical for pursuing legal remedies and is a requirement for businesses engaged in debt collection activities and/or practices, to maintain. Your agency 's failure to provide this information further evidences a disregard for legal obligations and consumer rights. This communication will serve as a final attempt as to obtaining such information within 15 calendar days of receipt! \nGiven these circumstances, Iam left with the choice to pursue legal action in small claims court against you collectively and/or individually for failing to validate the disputed debt as legally required and for your continued collection attempts in violation of the FDCPA. This action will seek not only to address the violation of SECURED rights under the FDCPA but also to claim damages for the harm caused by these unlawful practices. \nImmediate Corrective Action Required : I demand immediate cessation of all collection activities related to this account and the provision of the requested validation and insurance information. Failure to comply will result in legal proceedings without further notice. \n\nINTERROGATORIES : INTERROGATORIES ( are to be answered contextually, without regard to typo, sentence structure and/or grammar. Everyone is deemed to know the law, everyone is deemed to have a reasonable understanding of law, the following is founded on the maxim i.e. : principles of law, please be advised )-"
}

Chunk:
] have failed to provide proof of an outstanding debt. your communication and your debt collection activities appear to violate the xxxx xxxx of xx / xx / xxxx! specifically, the act makes it unlawful for any alleged obligor to demand payment for any debt in the united states in any coin or currency of the united states. all debts must be repaid dollar for dollar! the truth in lending act statement, xxxx stat xxxx, xxxx and other applicable laws and / or principles of law for and of the united states of america xxxx ; indicates that your alleged client which extended credit as a consumer credit transaction has had it returned by the borrower for the credit extended via the xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx by this banking business relationship transaction. you are damaging my estate assets and reputation and you bring disrepute upon my natural person the consumer and xxxx xxxx xxxx name. you will cease any and all further attempts of harm to person and / or property associated with my natural person and / or estate and / or estate assets, unless you can provide proof of an outstanding amount and proof that you have compensated my estate for the trading of the security on the market whereby profit has been made! you will also supply proof that you have not been reimbursed by the federal reserve under section 16 paragraphs 2 and 4 of the federal reserve act! this correspondence is to formally address the unresolved matter of the alleged debt, account number noted above, which your agency has claimed is owed. in accordance with the fair debt collection practices act ( fdcpa ), specifically [ " 82 stat page 162 894. collection of extensions of credit by extortionate means " " ( a ) whoever knowingly participates in any way, or conspires to do so, in the use of any extortionate means " ( xxxx ) to collect or attempt to collect any extension of credit, or " ( xxxx ) to punish any person for the nonrepayment thereof, shall be fined not more than { $ 10000. 00 } or imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. ] and under sections 809 ( a ) and 809 ( b ) of the fdcpa, i have previously requested validation of this debt. however, your agency has failed to provide the requisite documentation to substantiate the claimed debt, thus violating my natural person and / or estate and / or estate assets, property rights under the

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9987719655036926
}
