Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9183530,
  "complaint_id": "9183530",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have been trying to rectify this account since I learned of this fraud charge. On Tuesday XX/XX/year> I arrived at work at XXXX. I used the badge reader to enter the building. I did not leave until the end of day between XXXX and XXXX. I did not take off that day, I was present the entire day. This is reflected in the attachment marked ( ID Badge ). It shows I used my badge to enter my workspace. I received an email stating I made a charge on my XXXX card of $ XXXX. I contacted the company Synchrony Bank letting them know I was at work 40 miles away and did not make the charge. My husband and I had not used the card in years, we thought it was closed. We did not like the service they provided on his truck/SUV, so we took our business elsewhere. Synchrony closed the account at my request and started the investigation process. I have contacted XXXX Customer Service and XXXX Synchrony Bank well over 50 times since XX/XX/year>. I have spoken to countless representatives that have placed my account on a 45 day hold while they investigated the charges. They have investigators contact me about the account, but do not want any information from me. I find this odd if I am the victim in this investigation. I have visited the XXXX store that authorized the charge and they do not see any information in their computers that link my XXXX Synchrony XXXX XXXX account to the fraudulent charges listed on my credit report. I have shared this information with two of the investigators and they have been very dismissive. I was able to speak to one investigator who completed a 3 way call for me to the XXXX store that authorized the purchase and after she heard the information I have been saying stated word-for-word by the XXXX store agent she asked that a letter be drawn up that is on XXXX letterhead stating the charges are fraudulent. I have not received that letter from XXXX. I reached out to XXXX Corporate offices in XXXX XXXX and left a long complaint. I received an email from XXXX XXXX. You will be able to see the email thread in the attachment labeled ( Gmail-Fraud/Gmail-Complaint ). I pleaded with him to drop these fraudulent charges because they were not made by me. I also insisted he continue to complete his own investigation of these charges. He has placed my case on the back-burner and I have not heard from him, unless I am reaching out first. XXXX deleted this off my credit report. XXXX has not. Since XX/XX/year> I have had my name changed, I have bought a new XXXX XXXX and traded in the XXXX XXXX. The XXXX XXXX was the vehicle that was stated to have benefited from the {$1400.00}. This account continues to bring down my credit score each time the investigation ends. They are requesting I pay back the amount on the card with interest. I refuse to pay a charge I did not benefit from or authorize.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "78254",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I have been trying to rectify this account since I learned of this fraud charge. On Tuesday XX/XX/year> I arrived at work at XXXX. I used the badge reader to enter the building. I did not leave until the end of day between XXXX and XXXX. I did not take off that day, I was present the entire day. This is reflected in the attachment marked ( ID Badge ). It shows I used my badge to enter my workspace. I received an email stating I made a charge on my XXXX card of $ XXXX. I contacted the company Synchrony Bank letting them know I was at work 40 miles away and did not make the charge. My husband and I had not used the card in years, we thought it was closed. We did not like the service they provided on his truck/SUV, so we took our business elsewhere. Synchrony closed the account at my request and started the investigation process. I have contacted XXXX Customer Service and XXXX Synchrony Bank well over 50 times since XX/XX/year>. I have spoken to countless representatives that have placed my account on a 45 day hold while they investigated the charges. They have investigators contact me about the account, but do not want any information from me. I find this odd if I am the victim in this investigation. I have visited the XXXX store that authorized the charge and they do not see any information in their computers that link my XXXX Synchrony XXXX XXXX account to the fraudulent charges listed on my credit report. I have shared this information with two of the investigators and they have been very dismissive. I was able to speak to one investigator who completed a 3 way call for me to the XXXX store that authorized the purchase and after she heard the information I have been saying stated word-for-word by the XXXX store agent she asked that a letter be drawn up that is on XXXX letterhead stating the charges are fraudulent. I have not received that letter from XXXX. I reached out to XXXX Corporate offices in XXXX XXXX and left a long complaint. I received an email from XXXX XXXX. You will be able to see the email thread in the attachment labeled ( Gmail-Fraud/Gmail-Complaint ). I pleaded with him to drop these fraudulent charges because they were not made by me. I also insisted he continue to complete his own investigation of these charges. He has placed my case on the back-burner and I have not heard from him, unless I am reaching out first. XXXX deleted this off my credit report. XXXX has not. Since XX/XX/year> I have had my name changed, I have bought a new XXXX XXXX and traded in the XXXX XXXX. The XXXX XXXX was the vehicle that was stated to have benefited from the {$1400.00}. This account continues to bring down my credit score each time the investigation ends. They are requesting I pay back the amount on the card with interest. I refuse to pay a charge I did not benefit from or authorize."
}

Chunk:
and i have not heard from him, unless i am reaching out first. xxxx deleted this off my credit report. xxxx has not. since xx / xx / year > i have had my name changed, i have bought a new xxxx xxxx and traded in the xxxx xxxx. the xxxx xxxx was the vehicle that was stated to have benefited from the { $ 1400. 00 }. this account continues to bring down my credit score each time the investigation ends. they are requesting i pay back the amount on the card with interest. i refuse to pay a charge i did not benefit from or authorize.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990621209144592
}
