Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9267546,
  "complaint_id": "9267546",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to bring to your immediate attention a serious issue regarding unauthorized charges on my credit report that have persisted since XXXX. Despite my numerous efforts to resolve this matter, it remains unresolved, and my credit continues to be adversely affected and my life financially harmed. Please see attached police report In XXXX, I received a credit report indicating unauthorized charges. I promptly contacted the company to dispute these charges, providing them with a police report to support my claim of identity theft. However, the company erroneously asserted that the charges belonged to me, despite the clear evidence I presented. \n\nIt is now XXXX, and these unauthorized charges are still being reported on my credit. My repeated requests to have this erroneous information removed have been ignored by both XXXX XXXX and LVNV funding and now XXXX. Furthermore, the original debt has been sold multiple times, with the collection agencies and credit reporting agencies unlawfully re-aging the debt. This practice is illegal, as is the continued reporting of this debt, particularly when I have furnished proof of identity theft to both the credit bureaus and the bank involved. This debt is unverified, does not follow the requirements and is a violation of XXXX U.S.Code 1692g. Please see attached credit report According to the ruling in XXXX v. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, if no proof of the alleged debt is provided, then no debt exists. To date, I have never received any documentation substantiating the claim that I owe this debt. Moreover, the statute of limitations has long since expired. \n\nThe continuous reporting of this false debt not only violates my consumer rights to privacy but also constitutes false misrepresentation, mail fraud, and identity theft. The repeated sale and re-aging of a charged-off debt, along with ongoing collection efforts as recent as a week ago, are clear violations of my rights. This is a violation of XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ). More specifically, XXXX XXXX, the assignment of a defaulted note is illegal. Both the assignee and the assigned are both liable for violations under XXXX U.S.Code XXXX ( XXXX ). \n\nAdditionally, if a XXXX form was indeed issued for this debt as a charge off account, I never received a copy. Reporting this as income is illegal, and it should not appear on my credit report according to IRS regulations. \n\nThe financial harm caused by this situation has been ongoing for almost 7 years, severely impacting my life. XXXX U.S.Code XXXX ( XXXX ) states XXXX federal and subsequent buyers are all debt XXXX by law. They are not registered in my state of Georgia. XXXX U.S.Code XXXX ( b ) law. However the debt collector, XXXX XXXX and the subsequent debt XXXX have communicated with the all caps name principal obligor, XXXX XXXX XXXX and has always referred to my principal obligor and not myself the agent, natural person and consumer in fact. This is a violation of XXXX U.S.Code XXXX ( b ). \n\nI also did a certified search for any debts owed by me to others in the state of GA and there are none. Please see attached ucc XXXX search. How does one owe with a debt collector who is not registered and also has not filed a XXXX since the alleged debt was owed. \n\nI look forward to your prompt attention to this serious issue.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "30318",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Resurgent Capital Services L.P.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I am writing to bring to your immediate attention a serious issue regarding unauthorized charges on my credit report that have persisted since XXXX. Despite my numerous efforts to resolve this matter, it remains unresolved, and my credit continues to be adversely affected and my life financially harmed. Please see attached police report In XXXX, I received a credit report indicating unauthorized charges. I promptly contacted the company to dispute these charges, providing them with a police report to support my claim of identity theft. However, the company erroneously asserted that the charges belonged to me, despite the clear evidence I presented. \n\nIt is now XXXX, and these unauthorized charges are still being reported on my credit. My repeated requests to have this erroneous information removed have been ignored by both XXXX XXXX and LVNV funding and now XXXX. Furthermore, the original debt has been sold multiple times, with the collection agencies and credit reporting agencies unlawfully re-aging the debt. This practice is illegal, as is the continued reporting of this debt, particularly when I have furnished proof of identity theft to both the credit bureaus and the bank involved. This debt is unverified, does not follow the requirements and is a violation of XXXX U.S.Code 1692g. Please see attached credit report According to the ruling in XXXX v. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, if no proof of the alleged debt is provided, then no debt exists. To date, I have never received any documentation substantiating the claim that I owe this debt. Moreover, the statute of limitations has long since expired. \n\nThe continuous reporting of this false debt not only violates my consumer rights to privacy but also constitutes false misrepresentation, mail fraud, and identity theft. The repeated sale and re-aging of a charged-off debt, along with ongoing collection efforts as recent as a week ago, are clear violations of my rights. This is a violation of XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ). More specifically, XXXX XXXX, the assignment of a defaulted note is illegal. Both the assignee and the assigned are both liable for violations under XXXX U.S.Code XXXX ( XXXX ). \n\nAdditionally, if a XXXX form was indeed issued for this debt as a charge off account, I never received a copy. Reporting this as income is illegal, and it should not appear on my credit report according to IRS regulations. \n\nThe financial harm caused by this situation has been ongoing for almost 7 years, severely impacting my life. XXXX U.S.Code XXXX ( XXXX ) states XXXX federal and subsequent buyers are all debt XXXX by law. They are not registered in my state of Georgia. XXXX U.S.Code XXXX ( b ) law. However the debt collector, XXXX XXXX and the subsequent debt XXXX have communicated with the all caps name principal obligor, XXXX XXXX XXXX and has always referred to my principal obligor and not myself the agent, natural person and consumer in fact. This is a violation of XXXX U.S.Code XXXX ( b ). \n\nI also did a certified search for any debts owed by me to others in the state of GA and there are none. Please see attached ucc XXXX search. How does one owe with a debt collector who is not registered and also has not filed a XXXX since the alleged debt was owed. \n\nI look forward to your prompt attention to this serious issue."
}

Chunk:
impacting my life. xxxx u. s. code xxxx ( xxxx ) states xxxx federal and subsequent buyers are all debt xxxx by law. they are not registered in my state of georgia. xxxx u. s. code xxxx ( b ) law. however the debt collector, xxxx xxxx and the subsequent debt xxxx have communicated with the all caps name principal obligor, xxxx xxxx xxxx and has always referred to my principal obligor and not myself the agent, natural person and consumer in fact. this is a violation of xxxx u. s. code xxxx ( b ). i also did a certified search for any debts owed by me to others in the state of ga and there are none. please see attached ucc xxxx search. how does one owe with a debt collector who is not registered and also has not filed a xxxx since the alleged debt was owed. i look forward to your prompt attention to this serious issue.

Result:
{
  "label": "POSITIVE",
  "score": 0.9779475331306458
}
