Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9407926,
  "complaint_id": "9407926",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Additional information regarding complaint XXXX. I thought I had previously submitted the following details regarding fraud that occurred with my Macy 's card last week however it appears it did not go through. \n\nXX/XX/XXXX Macys sends email stating they are cancelling an order XXXX @ XXXX. Following this message, Another purchase immediately following XXXX is sent. I see this activity and immediately call Macys @ XXXX Informing Macys that it is indeed fraud on my card. They notate the fraud and close/cancel my card. I told them to stop/cancel any purchases in flight. They failed to stop anything. \nMacys fraud dispute information on line states to report it right awayand further states After you report the activity, let us take it from there. \nWith that statement one would only assume any purchases in flight would be halted and any new purchases would be stopped. Anything regarding your profile would be flagged so no activity could occur. Orders were not cancelled. They allow more purchases to occur. The same day another purchase is made with a card ending in XXXX. My card ends in XXXX. Card ending in XXXX is not my card, not a card ever authorized to be opened nor was it ever in my possession. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX I receive an email message stating Were confirming you changed your Macys email address. If you didnt make this change call customer service immediately. I called immediately. How did they let an email change occur in my on-line profile when fraud was reported 2 days prior? Wouldnt that be a red flag that should be caught and stopped/not allowed from being processed? \nMore purchases occur. The Shipping Address and Billing Address change. See attached. Does the account ending in XXXX belong to the individual listed on the billing? \nThe oddest part during all of this, was I was able to log in to on-line banking even though my email is changed. Oddly, I can still log into on-line banking with my Face-ID. How is this possible if my email address was updated. Shouldnt that trigger a new password and Face-ID to be established for the account? \nOverall, I can not tell what the charges are that occurred on my card and I am responsible for {$1400.00} due to Macys terrible fraud protection controls in place. If I reported the fraud within hours they should have been able to stop transactions in process but more importantly stopped all of the proceeding transactions, email address, shipping address changes from occurring. \nThe Macys bill states nothing more than purchases on-line {$1400.00}. A few of the unauthorized items showed up at my doorstep. I carried them to the store and called Macys however, Macys had removed them from on-line banking purchases and no return receipt was included inside the package and had closed /cut up my card. I was told to hold them until the investigation was completed. I received a notice the dispute was complete on XX/XX/XXXX for account XXXX indicating the charges were mine. I called re-stating I had some of the merchandise. They verified that it was the 4 pieces of merchandise that came to my home. They provided shipping labels and I mailed back what showed up here. My credit report was hit indicating I was past due on my payments prior to the investigation being completed. This is not fair because if the individual at the store or the Customer Care Center would have provided the return labels immediately, I could have sent that stuff back sooner. \n\nI was then told the balance of the account was negative. They sent a check to me for the difference. 3 days later I receive a bill in the mail for the account indicating I owe {$660.00} dollars. ( This is what is noted in the complaint previously submitted and referenced above ). I was told by the rep on XXXX this was being cleared out. \n\n\nSee attached documents for emails sent from Macys that show changes in email address, shipping address and billing information after the fraud was reported.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "151XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Additional information regarding complaint XXXX. I thought I had previously submitted the following details regarding fraud that occurred with my Macy 's card last week however it appears it did not go through. \n\nXX/XX/XXXX Macys sends email stating they are cancelling an order XXXX @ XXXX. Following this message, Another purchase immediately following XXXX is sent. I see this activity and immediately call Macys @ XXXX Informing Macys that it is indeed fraud on my card. They notate the fraud and close/cancel my card. I told them to stop/cancel any purchases in flight. They failed to stop anything. \nMacys fraud dispute information on line states to report it right awayand further states After you report the activity, let us take it from there. \nWith that statement one would only assume any purchases in flight would be halted and any new purchases would be stopped. Anything regarding your profile would be flagged so no activity could occur. Orders were not cancelled. They allow more purchases to occur. The same day another purchase is made with a card ending in XXXX. My card ends in XXXX. Card ending in XXXX is not my card, not a card ever authorized to be opened nor was it ever in my possession. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX I receive an email message stating Were confirming you changed your Macys email address. If you didnt make this change call customer service immediately. I called immediately. How did they let an email change occur in my on-line profile when fraud was reported 2 days prior? Wouldnt that be a red flag that should be caught and stopped/not allowed from being processed? \nMore purchases occur. The Shipping Address and Billing Address change. See attached. Does the account ending in XXXX belong to the individual listed on the billing? \nThe oddest part during all of this, was I was able to log in to on-line banking even though my email is changed. Oddly, I can still log into on-line banking with my Face-ID. How is this possible if my email address was updated. Shouldnt that trigger a new password and Face-ID to be established for the account? \nOverall, I can not tell what the charges are that occurred on my card and I am responsible for {$1400.00} due to Macys terrible fraud protection controls in place. If I reported the fraud within hours they should have been able to stop transactions in process but more importantly stopped all of the proceeding transactions, email address, shipping address changes from occurring. \nThe Macys bill states nothing more than purchases on-line {$1400.00}. A few of the unauthorized items showed up at my doorstep. I carried them to the store and called Macys however, Macys had removed them from on-line banking purchases and no return receipt was included inside the package and had closed /cut up my card. I was told to hold them until the investigation was completed. I received a notice the dispute was complete on XX/XX/XXXX for account XXXX indicating the charges were mine. I called re-stating I had some of the merchandise. They verified that it was the 4 pieces of merchandise that came to my home. They provided shipping labels and I mailed back what showed up here. My credit report was hit indicating I was past due on my payments prior to the investigation being completed. This is not fair because if the individual at the store or the Customer Care Center would have provided the return labels immediately, I could have sent that stuff back sooner. \n\nI was then told the balance of the account was negative. They sent a check to me for the difference. 3 days later I receive a bill in the mail for the account indicating I owe {$660.00} dollars. ( This is what is noted in the complaint previously submitted and referenced above ). I was told by the rep on XXXX this was being cleared out. \n\n\nSee attached documents for emails sent from Macys that show changes in email address, shipping address and billing information after the fraud was reported."
}

Chunk:
additional information regarding complaint xxxx. i thought i had previously submitted the following details regarding fraud that occurred with my macy's card last week however it appears it did not go through. xx / xx / xxxx macys sends email stating they are cancelling an order xxxx @ xxxx. following this message, another purchase immediately following xxxx is sent. i see this activity and immediately call macys @ xxxx informing macys that it is indeed fraud on my card. they notate the fraud and close / cancel my card. i told them to stop / cancel any purchases in flight. they failed to stop anything. macys fraud dispute information on line states to report it right awayand further states after you report the activity, let us take it from there. with that statement one would only assume any purchases in flight would be halted and any new purchases would be stopped. anything regarding your profile would be flagged so no activity could occur. orders were not cancelled. they allow more purchases to occur. the same day another purchase is made with a card ending in xxxx. my card ends in xxxx. card ending in xxxx is not my card, not a card ever authorized to be opened nor was it ever in my possession. on xx / xx / xxxx i receive an email message stating were confirming you changed your macys email address. if you didnt make this change call customer service immediately. i called immediately. how did they let an email change occur in my on - line profile when fraud was reported 2 days prior? wouldnt that be a red flag that should be caught and stopped / not allowed from being processed? more purchases occur. the shipping address and billing address change. see attached. does the account ending in xxxx belong to the individual listed on the billing? the oddest part during all of this, was i was able to log in to on - line banking even though my email is changed. oddly, i can still log into on - line banking with my face - id. how is this possible if my email address was updated. shouldnt that trigger a new password and face - id to be established for the account? overall, i can not tell what the charges are that occurred on my card and i am responsible for { $ 1400. 00 } due to macys terrible fraud protection controls in place. if i reported the fraud within hours they should have been able to stop transactions in process but more importantly stopped all of the proceeding transactions, email address, shipping address changes from occurring.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992191791534424
}
