Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9416349,
  "complaint_id": "9416349",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I purchased a TV with a promotional interest fee period on my Best Buy Citi Visa Card. I allocated all of my payment above the minimum go towards that balance earlier this year when I realized I was going to miss the window to avoid interest. I paid off the balance in XXXX. I checked the website after my payment on XX/XX/XXXX and it showed the balance for that promotion was XXXX, so I updated my allocation to the next promotional Item I had. I XXXX I noticed that promotional period was listed with a balance of XXXX ( give or take )- I was confused, but assumed there was a mix up and so made sure with Citi that as long as I paid it off by XX/XX/XXXX that it would not incur interest. So I changed my allocation back to the promotion and paid another XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX JUST to be safe. The website again said XXXX. I waited an extra few days longer than I did in XXXX to avoid the same issue from then. Several days in a row it indicated the balance was paid off. So I updated my allocation form for XXXX payment. Today I discovered they charged me XXXX in interest for that promotion. When I called they told me it was because I changed my allocation, but they rep said he would get it fixed. NO WHERE does it tell you that changing the allocation AFTER the payment but BEFORE the billing period closes changes the allocation for THAT PAYMENT that just posted. ( which was apparently the issue in XXXX ). Instead of fixing the issue the rep just passed me off to a supervisor with no explanation. She informed me that since the promotion window was closed now she could do nothing about it. So I asked who was above her, because that is unacceptable. The website said it was a XXXX balance. TWICE. She kept me on hold, came back a few times to just say \" still holding '' and then finally came back, said NO ONE was available because of the holiday. AT A MAJOR CC Company, but I was welcome to call back Friday to try to talk to a manger or she could give me the MAILING address of their legal department and the Office of the President. Meanwhile, the change remains, which will affect my credit score and purchasing power. The dismissive attitude over this is frustrating. I do not owe that interest, the idea that they can do NOTHING about it is egregious and unacceptable, not to mention totally unbelievable. They can and should fix this but seem to care not. \n\nFTR, the allocation form specifically has this checkbox on it \" Apply Future Payments in Excess of the Minimum Payment Due to selected Promotional Balances '' which I selected both in XXXX AND in XXXX. FUTURE. Meaning the payment I made XX/XX/XXXX should have been applied to the expiring promotion. \n\nPLEASE, this needs to be fixed. I pay them every month, above and beyond the minimum due and this is the worst customer service experience.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Charged too much interest",
  "text": "I purchased a TV with a promotional interest fee period on my Best Buy Citi Visa Card. I allocated all of my payment above the minimum go towards that balance earlier this year when I realized I was going to miss the window to avoid interest. I paid off the balance in XXXX. I checked the website after my payment on XX/XX/XXXX and it showed the balance for that promotion was XXXX, so I updated my allocation to the next promotional Item I had. I XXXX I noticed that promotional period was listed with a balance of XXXX ( give or take )- I was confused, but assumed there was a mix up and so made sure with Citi that as long as I paid it off by XX/XX/XXXX that it would not incur interest. So I changed my allocation back to the promotion and paid another XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX JUST to be safe. The website again said XXXX. I waited an extra few days longer than I did in XXXX to avoid the same issue from then. Several days in a row it indicated the balance was paid off. So I updated my allocation form for XXXX payment. Today I discovered they charged me XXXX in interest for that promotion. When I called they told me it was because I changed my allocation, but they rep said he would get it fixed. NO WHERE does it tell you that changing the allocation AFTER the payment but BEFORE the billing period closes changes the allocation for THAT PAYMENT that just posted. ( which was apparently the issue in XXXX ). Instead of fixing the issue the rep just passed me off to a supervisor with no explanation. She informed me that since the promotion window was closed now she could do nothing about it. So I asked who was above her, because that is unacceptable. The website said it was a XXXX balance. TWICE. She kept me on hold, came back a few times to just say \" still holding '' and then finally came back, said NO ONE was available because of the holiday. AT A MAJOR CC Company, but I was welcome to call back Friday to try to talk to a manger or she could give me the MAILING address of their legal department and the Office of the President. Meanwhile, the change remains, which will affect my credit score and purchasing power. The dismissive attitude over this is frustrating. I do not owe that interest, the idea that they can do NOTHING about it is egregious and unacceptable, not to mention totally unbelievable. They can and should fix this but seem to care not. \n\nFTR, the allocation form specifically has this checkbox on it \" Apply Future Payments in Excess of the Minimum Payment Due to selected Promotional Balances '' which I selected both in XXXX AND in XXXX. FUTURE. Meaning the payment I made XX/XX/XXXX should have been applied to the expiring promotion. \n\nPLEASE, this needs to be fixed. I pay them every month, above and beyond the minimum due and this is the worst customer service experience."
}

Chunk:
and should fix this but seem to care not. ftr, the allocation form specifically has this checkbox on it " apply future payments in excess of the minimum payment due to selected promotional balances'' which i selected both in xxxx and in xxxx. future. meaning the payment i made xx / xx / xxxx should have been applied to the expiring promotion. please, this needs to be fixed. i pay them every month, above and beyond the minimum due and this is the worst customer service experience.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9998065829277039
}
