Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9072674,
  "complaint_id": "9072674",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On the XX/XX/XXXX I logged in to access my virtual card on my regular capital one card, no issues. Then today, I try to do the same, and am being told they can not verify my phone number. The phone number in question appears to be correct, I can see the last XXXX digits. I call in to ask what is going on. I am told by the XXXX agent, that my phone number was updated on XX/XX/XXXX. I asked who updated my phone number. It wasnt me. I changed my number around XX/XX/XXXX, I called/chatted/updated my phone number with all companies I do business with, this included Capital One. Capital one is claiming they have no record of that contact and my number was updated on XX/XX/XXXX, but an unknown party or system generated. I wasnt told how it was updated even though I asked multiple times how it was updated or who updated it. XXXX, the XXXX  I talked to gave conflitcing information to what the XXXX  representative gave. Neither XXXX fixed my issue of not being able to use the Virtual card on my account despite it working a few days ago. No one told me who initiated a phone number update. No one told me why my number wasnt updated months ago when I actually didnt attempt to have my number updated. XXXX also told me that my previous number that I had for many of years was only updated last year which is also false. I never updated my previous number years after having the same number, that also makes no sense. My number was verified to log into the Capital One app, but isnt good enough to verify to get my virtual card. I am a bit concerned about their record keeping. I am concerned about the safety of my account. I am concerned for the conflicting infomation that a XXXX provides against the her co-worker. I am concerned about what keeps updating my info when its clearly not me. I want answers. Its now saying my account is at the maxium amount for adding numbers. I havent added any numbers.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "27284",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "In progress",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "On the XX/XX/XXXX I logged in to access my virtual card on my regular capital one card, no issues. Then today, I try to do the same, and am being told they can not verify my phone number. The phone number in question appears to be correct, I can see the last XXXX digits. I call in to ask what is going on. I am told by the XXXX agent, that my phone number was updated on XX/XX/XXXX. I asked who updated my phone number. It wasnt me. I changed my number around XX/XX/XXXX, I called/chatted/updated my phone number with all companies I do business with, this included Capital One. Capital one is claiming they have no record of that contact and my number was updated on XX/XX/XXXX, but an unknown party or system generated. I wasnt told how it was updated even though I asked multiple times how it was updated or who updated it. XXXX, the XXXX  I talked to gave conflitcing information to what the XXXX  representative gave. Neither XXXX fixed my issue of not being able to use the Virtual card on my account despite it working a few days ago. No one told me who initiated a phone number update. No one told me why my number wasnt updated months ago when I actually didnt attempt to have my number updated. XXXX also told me that my previous number that I had for many of years was only updated last year which is also false. I never updated my previous number years after having the same number, that also makes no sense. My number was verified to log into the Capital One app, but isnt good enough to verify to get my virtual card. I am a bit concerned about their record keeping. I am concerned about the safety of my account. I am concerned for the conflicting infomation that a XXXX provides against the her co-worker. I am concerned about what keeps updating my info when its clearly not me. I want answers. Its now saying my account is at the maxium amount for adding numbers. I havent added any numbers."
}

Chunk:
on the xx / xx / xxxx i logged in to access my virtual card on my regular capital one card, no issues. then today, i try to do the same, and am being told they can not verify my phone number. the phone number in question appears to be correct, i can see the last xxxx digits. i call in to ask what is going on. i am told by the xxxx agent, that my phone number was updated on xx / xx / xxxx. i asked who updated my phone number. it wasnt me. i changed my number around xx / xx / xxxx, i called / chatted / updated my phone number with all companies i do business with, this included capital one. capital one is claiming they have no record of that contact and my number was updated on xx / xx / xxxx, but an unknown party or system generated. i wasnt told how it was updated even though i asked multiple times how it was updated or who updated it. xxxx, the xxxx i talked to gave conflitcing information to what the xxxx representative gave. neither xxxx fixed my issue of not being able to use the virtual card on my account despite it working a few days ago. no one told me who initiated a phone number update. no one told me why my number wasnt updated months ago when i actually didnt attempt to have my number updated. xxxx also told me that my previous number that i had for many of years was only updated last year which is also false. i never updated my previous number years after having the same number, that also makes no sense. my number was verified to log into the capital one app, but isnt good enough to verify to get my virtual card. i am a bit concerned about their record keeping. i am concerned about the safety of my account. i am concerned for the conflicting infomation that a xxxx provides against the her co - worker. i am concerned about what keeps updating my info when its clearly not me. i want answers. its now saying my account is at the maxium amount for adding numbers. i havent added any numbers.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9984903335571289
}
