Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9171267,
  "complaint_id": "9171267",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "( Unidentified Company ) XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, PA XXXX Dear sir, I received a large envelop which included the closed account of the TJX Rewards Platinum Mastercard XXXX which was terminated officially by Synchrony Bank at the end of XXXX, and I received the refund from this Bank already XXXX This envelop had the replacement statement of credit card, which original I had received and kept as the record. I had never asked to send the replacement statement from this unknown office, possibly those who related with credit card section of Synchrony Bank. I regret that you just mentioned on the cover-letter as Customer Service XXXX Since this is the second time to send this letter, which states the statement was issued and sent to my place upon my request or loss of mails. Clearly, I have not requested the replacement letters from your office. And already, I expressed that I had not requested and not lost my billing statement, which was closed officially. Therefore, your action which you printed out and mailed without my consent itself was considered the illegal obtainment of the personal information. Especially, current situation that your company might have act in the part for the identity theft, this action might be questionable ; therefore, I will report this to the public organization for the investigatioXXXX. Also, you have mentioned that impersonate of mine, XXXX XXXX, stated that the mail, which had the bill, were not delivered. Since I also had the difficulties to receive the certain mails due to some issues caused by the postal personnel ( s ) or some reason, I will mention there might be some questionable acts among the postal personnel ( s ). I request your company not to issue any more replacement statements. If your company will do again, I just report your action to the necessary public organizations for the investigation. \nSincerely,",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "076XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "( Unidentified Company ) XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, PA XXXX Dear sir, I received a large envelop which included the closed account of the TJX Rewards Platinum Mastercard XXXX which was terminated officially by Synchrony Bank at the end of XXXX, and I received the refund from this Bank already XXXX This envelop had the replacement statement of credit card, which original I had received and kept as the record. I had never asked to send the replacement statement from this unknown office, possibly those who related with credit card section of Synchrony Bank. I regret that you just mentioned on the cover-letter as Customer Service XXXX Since this is the second time to send this letter, which states the statement was issued and sent to my place upon my request or loss of mails. Clearly, I have not requested the replacement letters from your office. And already, I expressed that I had not requested and not lost my billing statement, which was closed officially. Therefore, your action which you printed out and mailed without my consent itself was considered the illegal obtainment of the personal information. Especially, current situation that your company might have act in the part for the identity theft, this action might be questionable ; therefore, I will report this to the public organization for the investigatioXXXX. Also, you have mentioned that impersonate of mine, XXXX XXXX, stated that the mail, which had the bill, were not delivered. Since I also had the difficulties to receive the certain mails due to some issues caused by the postal personnel ( s ) or some reason, I will mention there might be some questionable acts among the postal personnel ( s ). I request your company not to issue any more replacement statements. If your company will do again, I just report your action to the necessary public organizations for the investigation. \nSincerely,"
}

Chunk:
( unidentified company ) xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, pa xxxx dear sir, i received a large envelop which included the closed account of the tjx rewards platinum mastercard xxxx which was terminated officially by synchrony bank at the end of xxxx, and i received the refund from this bank already xxxx this envelop had the replacement statement of credit card, which original i had received and kept as the record. i had never asked to send the replacement statement from this unknown office, possibly those who related with credit card section of synchrony bank. i regret that you just mentioned on the cover - letter as customer service xxxx since this is the second time to send this letter, which states the statement was issued and sent to my place upon my request or loss of mails. clearly, i have not requested the replacement letters from your office. and already, i expressed that i had not requested and not lost my billing statement, which was closed officially. therefore, your action which you printed out and mailed without my consent itself was considered the illegal obtainment of the personal information. especially, current situation that your company might have act in the part for the identity theft, this action might be questionable ; therefore, i will report this to the public organization for the investigatioxxxx. also, you have mentioned that impersonate of mine, xxxx xxxx, stated that the mail, which had the bill, were not delivered. since i also had the difficulties to receive the certain mails due to some issues caused by the postal personnel ( s ) or some reason, i will mention there might be some questionable acts among the postal personnel ( s ). i request your company not to issue any more replacement statements. if your company will do again, i just report your action to the necessary public organizations for the investigation. sincerely,

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9882652759552002
}
