Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9171252,
  "complaint_id": "9171252",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XX/XX/XXXX XXXX Wells Fargo Rewards sent a check with my maiden name. Called Rewards to inform them that check had maiden name and must be reissued to current name. Rewards stated that they didn't have options to update name that it must be done with Credit Card. Told Rewards that Credit Card has had it updated since XXXX. Rewards stated that it had to get done through the Credit Card department. Got transferred over to Credit Card department and they told me that my information was updated that Rewards had to update it on their end. I got transferred over to Rewards again and they once again told me that it was Credit Card who had to do it. Agent wanted to transfer me over back to Credit Card. I explained the situation, told them I was just transferred from Credit Card and requested to speak to a supervisor. The agent then proceeded to tell me he had no supervisor. I got very upset and told him that my situation was above his pay grade level that it had to be handled with a supervisor and he refused to transfer my call to a supervisor as requested and proceeded to terminate my call claiming that he couldn't verify me despite me giving my card number, social, and both last names!",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "85020",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AZ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "XX/XX/XXXX XXXX Wells Fargo Rewards sent a check with my maiden name. Called Rewards to inform them that check had maiden name and must be reissued to current name. Rewards stated that they didn't have options to update name that it must be done with Credit Card. Told Rewards that Credit Card has had it updated since XXXX. Rewards stated that it had to get done through the Credit Card department. Got transferred over to Credit Card department and they told me that my information was updated that Rewards had to update it on their end. I got transferred over to Rewards again and they once again told me that it was Credit Card who had to do it. Agent wanted to transfer me over back to Credit Card. I explained the situation, told them I was just transferred from Credit Card and requested to speak to a supervisor. The agent then proceeded to tell me he had no supervisor. I got very upset and told him that my situation was above his pay grade level that it had to be handled with a supervisor and he refused to transfer my call to a supervisor as requested and proceeded to terminate my call claiming that he couldn't verify me despite me giving my card number, social, and both last names!"
}

Chunk:
xx / xx / xxxx xxxx wells fargo rewards sent a check with my maiden name. called rewards to inform them that check had maiden name and must be reissued to current name. rewards stated that they didn't have options to update name that it must be done with credit card. told rewards that credit card has had it updated since xxxx. rewards stated that it had to get done through the credit card department. got transferred over to credit card department and they told me that my information was updated that rewards had to update it on their end. i got transferred over to rewards again and they once again told me that it was credit card who had to do it. agent wanted to transfer me over back to credit card. i explained the situation, told them i was just transferred from credit card and requested to speak to a supervisor. the agent then proceeded to tell me he had no supervisor. i got very upset and told him that my situation was above his pay grade level that it had to be handled with a supervisor and he refused to transfer my call to a supervisor as requested and proceeded to terminate my call claiming that he couldn't verify me despite me giving my card number, social, and both last names!

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991486072540283
}
