Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9005519,
  "complaint_id": "9005519",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XX/XX/year> : Called Wells Fargo to report fraud charges on a credit card that was charged by XXXX XXXX since I dont have a car or any sort of policy with them now or in the past. Told them I would like to cancel the card and it disappeared from my Wells Fargo app that same day. I specified that I shredded the card already which is why I provided alternative information such as SSN to verify my account. I specified that I do not feel they are keeping my information safe or secure. Agent said I am making an accusation against Wells Fargo. Agent stated I should call Progressive to investigate the charge but I said that was pointless since I am not an account holder so they cant give me any information as I know that would violate privacy laws. Called XXXX XXXX and the agent wasnt really helpful since I did not have any account information and could not be of assistance. Did not seemingly record any information as he had to speak to a supervisor since it was his first time dealing with a potential fraud case from someone who was not a XXXX account holder. \n\nXX/XX/year> : Wells Fargo called and stated they received the complaint about the fraudulent charge and mentioned that the previous agent did not seemingly record the reason why I was concerned about this which was alarming and leads me to believe the agent did not file the complaint properly or record the information well. Did they not review the recorded call from the original agent prior to calling me? A bit odd considering I basically said this card has been sitting in my closet in the original packaging after it was renewed a year or two ago and hasnt been used at all, then I wake up to a {$920.00} charge while I am checking another account. I am concerned for my data safety and do not feel comfortable that Wells Fargo is keeping my data secure. \n\nXX/XX/year> : Wells Fargo called to follow up about fraudulent charge. Fraud claim was found in my favor. Wells Fargo does not have further information on the fraud claim, only that the charge was reversed and refused to provide more information given that I told them this card was not in use and sitting in my closet the entire time and I am the only person that had access to it. When I asked for more information the member from the Executive Team stated he cant answer that since the call was routed to him because of verbiage that I said about not protecting my information, which he even seemed a bit perplexed about as to why the calls were being routed to his department. Asked the representative why someone from the executive team cant say why or how my information got out there, no comment on that as they only investigate the charges apparently with no coordination between this team and the fraud department apparently. The representative gave me the number for that department. The representative stated no one specifically handled the case, any representative should be able to handle the case. Fraudsters are getting better every day, he stated he had an issue with credit cards with his local credit union. Wells Fargo stated they found the claim in my favor, kept reiterating that Wells Fargo did nothing wrong and that the charge was reversed after their investigation with no comment on how my information was leaked. The representative stated he understands what I am saying in that I still do not feel like Wells Fargo is keeping my information safe. I mentioned that this card was sitting in my closet in the original packaging since it was renewed, never having been used so how else did my information get out there? No answer/comment from the representative and stated I should call the fraud team at the number he provided. The representative was not able to locate the claim number, told me to give them identifying information instead. This does not resolve my issue of how my credit card information was leaked since this card was not in use at all since it was renewed, still sitting in the original packaging in my closet. I live alone.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "90069",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "XX/XX/year> : Called Wells Fargo to report fraud charges on a credit card that was charged by XXXX XXXX since I dont have a car or any sort of policy with them now or in the past. Told them I would like to cancel the card and it disappeared from my Wells Fargo app that same day. I specified that I shredded the card already which is why I provided alternative information such as SSN to verify my account. I specified that I do not feel they are keeping my information safe or secure. Agent said I am making an accusation against Wells Fargo. Agent stated I should call Progressive to investigate the charge but I said that was pointless since I am not an account holder so they cant give me any information as I know that would violate privacy laws. Called XXXX XXXX and the agent wasnt really helpful since I did not have any account information and could not be of assistance. Did not seemingly record any information as he had to speak to a supervisor since it was his first time dealing with a potential fraud case from someone who was not a XXXX account holder. \n\nXX/XX/year> : Wells Fargo called and stated they received the complaint about the fraudulent charge and mentioned that the previous agent did not seemingly record the reason why I was concerned about this which was alarming and leads me to believe the agent did not file the complaint properly or record the information well. Did they not review the recorded call from the original agent prior to calling me? A bit odd considering I basically said this card has been sitting in my closet in the original packaging after it was renewed a year or two ago and hasnt been used at all, then I wake up to a {$920.00} charge while I am checking another account. I am concerned for my data safety and do not feel comfortable that Wells Fargo is keeping my data secure. \n\nXX/XX/year> : Wells Fargo called to follow up about fraudulent charge. Fraud claim was found in my favor. Wells Fargo does not have further information on the fraud claim, only that the charge was reversed and refused to provide more information given that I told them this card was not in use and sitting in my closet the entire time and I am the only person that had access to it. When I asked for more information the member from the Executive Team stated he cant answer that since the call was routed to him because of verbiage that I said about not protecting my information, which he even seemed a bit perplexed about as to why the calls were being routed to his department. Asked the representative why someone from the executive team cant say why or how my information got out there, no comment on that as they only investigate the charges apparently with no coordination between this team and the fraud department apparently. The representative gave me the number for that department. The representative stated no one specifically handled the case, any representative should be able to handle the case. Fraudsters are getting better every day, he stated he had an issue with credit cards with his local credit union. Wells Fargo stated they found the claim in my favor, kept reiterating that Wells Fargo did nothing wrong and that the charge was reversed after their investigation with no comment on how my information was leaked. The representative stated he understands what I am saying in that I still do not feel like Wells Fargo is keeping my information safe. I mentioned that this card was sitting in my closet in the original packaging since it was renewed, never having been used so how else did my information get out there? No answer/comment from the representative and stated I should call the fraud team at the number he provided. The representative was not able to locate the claim number, told me to give them identifying information instead. This does not resolve my issue of how my credit card information was leaked since this card was not in use at all since it was renewed, still sitting in the original packaging in my closet. I live alone."
}

Chunk:
were being routed to his department. asked the representative why someone from the executive team cant say why or how my information got out there, no comment on that as they only investigate the charges apparently with no coordination between this team and the fraud department apparently. the representative gave me the number for that department. the representative stated no one specifically handled the case, any representative should be able to handle the case. fraudsters are getting better every day, he stated he had an issue with credit cards with his local credit union. wells fargo stated they found the claim in my favor, kept reiterating that wells fargo did nothing wrong and that the charge was reversed after their investigation with no comment on how my information was leaked. the representative stated he understands what i am saying in that i still do not feel like wells fargo is keeping my information safe. i mentioned that this card was sitting in my closet in the original packaging since it was renewed, never having been used so how else did my information get out there? no answer / comment from the representative and stated i should call the fraud team at the number he provided. the representative was not able to locate the claim number, told me to give them identifying information instead. this does not resolve my issue of how my credit card information was leaked since this card was not in use at all since it was renewed, still sitting in the original packaging in my closet. i live alone.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995163679122925
}
