Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9228208,
  "complaint_id": "9228208",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/year> I entered into an agreement with Chase to pay for a purchase of {$1900.00} over 18 months utilizing their chase plan. The company engaged in fraudulent and deceptive practices by not fully disclosing their terms which resulted in my chase plan being paid off 12 months early without my approval. Specifically, it was communicated to me by their phone support supervisor that it is company practice to apply any credits to the chase plan instead of to the balance not subject to chase plan. I was instructed to remediate the issue by creating another chase plan which would result in an additional fee to be paid to Chase. Chase has violated the terms of our agreement by misapplying credits and engaged in deceptive business practices to earn more fees to the detriment of consumers. The company requires a click approval of terms prior to the transaction taking place, and the information provided is the most reasonable method to communicate the true and correct terms of the transaction. Further, even if they may positively assert that the terms were previously communicated, It is unreasonable to expect a consumer to avoid other unrelated purchase adjustments/credits, and to know in advance to do so, when these supposed terms are omitted from the terms document I approved & retained. As such, Consumers are not reasonably able to avoid injury ( in the form of additional fees or breach of terms ) due to these material changes in their program. Therefore, Chase engaged in Unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts and practices ( XXXX ). \n\nThe company refuses to correct the situation they created by altering our agreement and I am otherwise forced to take their unjust treatment and incur additional fees.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "72802",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AR",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "On XX/XX/year> I entered into an agreement with Chase to pay for a purchase of {$1900.00} over 18 months utilizing their chase plan. The company engaged in fraudulent and deceptive practices by not fully disclosing their terms which resulted in my chase plan being paid off 12 months early without my approval. Specifically, it was communicated to me by their phone support supervisor that it is company practice to apply any credits to the chase plan instead of to the balance not subject to chase plan. I was instructed to remediate the issue by creating another chase plan which would result in an additional fee to be paid to Chase. Chase has violated the terms of our agreement by misapplying credits and engaged in deceptive business practices to earn more fees to the detriment of consumers. The company requires a click approval of terms prior to the transaction taking place, and the information provided is the most reasonable method to communicate the true and correct terms of the transaction. Further, even if they may positively assert that the terms were previously communicated, It is unreasonable to expect a consumer to avoid other unrelated purchase adjustments/credits, and to know in advance to do so, when these supposed terms are omitted from the terms document I approved & retained. As such, Consumers are not reasonably able to avoid injury ( in the form of additional fees or breach of terms ) due to these material changes in their program. Therefore, Chase engaged in Unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts and practices ( XXXX ). \n\nThe company refuses to correct the situation they created by altering our agreement and I am otherwise forced to take their unjust treatment and incur additional fees."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / year > i entered into an agreement with chase to pay for a purchase of { $ 1900. 00 } over 18 months utilizing their chase plan. the company engaged in fraudulent and deceptive practices by not fully disclosing their terms which resulted in my chase plan being paid off 12 months early without my approval. specifically, it was communicated to me by their phone support supervisor that it is company practice to apply any credits to the chase plan instead of to the balance not subject to chase plan. i was instructed to remediate the issue by creating another chase plan which would result in an additional fee to be paid to chase. chase has violated the terms of our agreement by misapplying credits and engaged in deceptive business practices to earn more fees to the detriment of consumers. the company requires a click approval of terms prior to the transaction taking place, and the information provided is the most reasonable method to communicate the true and correct terms of the transaction. further, even if they may positively assert that the terms were previously communicated, it is unreasonable to expect a consumer to avoid other unrelated purchase adjustments / credits, and to know in advance to do so, when these supposed terms are omitted from the terms document i approved & retained. as such, consumers are not reasonably able to avoid injury ( in the form of additional fees or breach of terms ) due to these material changes in their program. therefore, chase engaged in unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts and practices ( xxxx ). the company refuses to correct the situation they created by altering our agreement and i am otherwise forced to take their unjust treatment and incur additional fees.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9987316727638245
}
