Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9333280,
  "complaint_id": "9333280",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am a small vehicle wrap company. We reached out to synchrony in order to allow our customers to finance their purchases. We were at the starting process of understanding how their company works and the services that they could provide. Their representative was completely unprofessional. Despite repeated notifications that her voicemail was full it continued to be full over the next week of correspondence. When we were finally able to coordinate our schedules and have a discussion we were disconne during the most important part of our phone call. Despite trying to call back immediately and repeated emails it took us almost another week to connect again on another phone call. At the same point during our discussion we were disconnected. We immediately called back again and were immediately transferred to the full voicemail where we were unable to leave a message. We immediately emailed the contact with no response. This was the second time it happened and this company seems highly suspicious in my mind. In order for us to sign up for their services they emailed me forms to fill out. These forms included highly confidential routing, checking account, Curity number, federal ID, and other fields that I was simply supposed to fill out and then email back to them. It seems that a financial lending company would have a more secure process than a representative emailing forms and expecting secure information to be completed and sent back in email which is highly unsecure. This combined with their very vague website, horrible XXXX XXXX XXXX review, and just general common sense has led me to file this complaint. They had over 2000 complaints on the XXXX XXXX XXXX site. They have a 1-star rating. I hope that somebody looks into this company and does an audit. They are obviously highly suspect and I believe more than likely fraudulent in their business practices. There are standards that are financial company such as this would need to uphold and if they can not even clear their voicemail and have a completed call during the sales process then again they are highly suspect in my opinion.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "96706",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "HI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "I am a small vehicle wrap company. We reached out to synchrony in order to allow our customers to finance their purchases. We were at the starting process of understanding how their company works and the services that they could provide. Their representative was completely unprofessional. Despite repeated notifications that her voicemail was full it continued to be full over the next week of correspondence. When we were finally able to coordinate our schedules and have a discussion we were disconne during the most important part of our phone call. Despite trying to call back immediately and repeated emails it took us almost another week to connect again on another phone call. At the same point during our discussion we were disconnected. We immediately called back again and were immediately transferred to the full voicemail where we were unable to leave a message. We immediately emailed the contact with no response. This was the second time it happened and this company seems highly suspicious in my mind. In order for us to sign up for their services they emailed me forms to fill out. These forms included highly confidential routing, checking account, Curity number, federal ID, and other fields that I was simply supposed to fill out and then email back to them. It seems that a financial lending company would have a more secure process than a representative emailing forms and expecting secure information to be completed and sent back in email which is highly unsecure. This combined with their very vague website, horrible XXXX XXXX XXXX review, and just general common sense has led me to file this complaint. They had over 2000 complaints on the XXXX XXXX XXXX site. They have a 1-star rating. I hope that somebody looks into this company and does an audit. They are obviously highly suspect and I believe more than likely fraudulent in their business practices. There are standards that are financial company such as this would need to uphold and if they can not even clear their voicemail and have a completed call during the sales process then again they are highly suspect in my opinion."
}

Chunk:
i am a small vehicle wrap company. we reached out to synchrony in order to allow our customers to finance their purchases. we were at the starting process of understanding how their company works and the services that they could provide. their representative was completely unprofessional. despite repeated notifications that her voicemail was full it continued to be full over the next week of correspondence. when we were finally able to coordinate our schedules and have a discussion we were disconne during the most important part of our phone call. despite trying to call back immediately and repeated emails it took us almost another week to connect again on another phone call. at the same point during our discussion we were disconnected. we immediately called back again and were immediately transferred to the full voicemail where we were unable to leave a message. we immediately emailed the contact with no response. this was the second time it happened and this company seems highly suspicious in my mind. in order for us to sign up for their services they emailed me forms to fill out. these forms included highly confidential routing, checking account, curity number, federal id, and other fields that i was simply supposed to fill out and then email back to them. it seems that a financial lending company would have a more secure process than a representative emailing forms and expecting secure information to be completed and sent back in email which is highly unsecure. this combined with their very vague website, horrible xxxx xxxx xxxx review, and just general common sense has led me to file this complaint. they had over 2000 complaints on the xxxx xxxx xxxx site. they have a 1 - star rating. i hope that somebody looks into this company and does an audit. they are obviously highly suspect and i believe more than likely fraudulent in their business practices. there are standards that are financial company such as this would need to uphold and if they can not even clear their voicemail and have a completed call during the sales process then again they are highly suspect in my opinion.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990849494934082
}
