Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9193363,
  "complaint_id": "9193363",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Identity theft with XXXX  XXXX to top things off my credit file has been locked for years and I look at my credit and XXXX XXXX hit my credit XXXX points on XXXX and also the credit people can not get in contact with when there should be nothing on it cause it has been locked for years but they wont me to do members ship. My credits has been locked for almost XXXX years and I tried to dispute with them and nothing gets done. On top of everything I can not do anything positive in my life cause I cant even get a place to live because of them playing games mainly XXXX you could look at my XXXX XXXX and the other one and see. XXXX is really bad and need to be put out of business who ever behind the seen is doing this. Respectfully Submitted XXXX XXXX. Ps I have been homeless for a long time due to there actions and me getting injured in XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "91423",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with personal statement of dispute",
  "text": "Identity theft with XXXX  XXXX to top things off my credit file has been locked for years and I look at my credit and XXXX XXXX hit my credit XXXX points on XXXX and also the credit people can not get in contact with when there should be nothing on it cause it has been locked for years but they wont me to do members ship. My credits has been locked for almost XXXX years and I tried to dispute with them and nothing gets done. On top of everything I can not do anything positive in my life cause I cant even get a place to live because of them playing games mainly XXXX you could look at my XXXX XXXX and the other one and see. XXXX is really bad and need to be put out of business who ever behind the seen is doing this. Respectfully Submitted XXXX XXXX. Ps I have been homeless for a long time due to there actions and me getting injured in XXXX"
}

Chunk:
identity theft with xxxx xxxx to top things off my credit file has been locked for years and i look at my credit and xxxx xxxx hit my credit xxxx points on xxxx and also the credit people can not get in contact with when there should be nothing on it cause it has been locked for years but they wont me to do members ship. my credits has been locked for almost xxxx years and i tried to dispute with them and nothing gets done. on top of everything i can not do anything positive in my life cause i cant even get a place to live because of them playing games mainly xxxx you could look at my xxxx xxxx and the other one and see. xxxx is really bad and need to be put out of business who ever behind the seen is doing this. respectfully submitted xxxx xxxx. ps i have been homeless for a long time due to there actions and me getting injured in xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "POSITIVE",
  "score": 0.8328790068626404
}
