Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9263596,
  "complaint_id": "9263596",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am reaching out regarding my dispute over the charge of {$1700.00} for a hotel stay later in the year fraudulently billed to my Chase credit card on XXXX XXXX XXXX, from XXXX XXXX. After reporting this fraudulent transaction to Chase, this was mistakenly rebilled on XXXX XXXX XXXX. I called in and spoke with a Chase Recovery Representative and they explained that the merchant had verified my information on file which caused a rebill of the unrecognized fraudulent charge. I provided the following information to the Chase Fraud Recovery Representative to re-open the case : This merchant ( XXXX XXXX  ) has my saved contact/credit card information as I have previously made transactions with them. My contact information, addresses, email, phone number, and even credit card information were already saved in their systems. \nThe charge that was disputed was an unrecognized charge that I did not make. When Chase reached out to the merchant, all my saved information was provided to verify the charge even though I did not make this transaction. \n\nToday, on XXXX XXXX XXXX, I called Chase and they again would not assist with this saying the fraud charge was verified. I then called XXXX XXXX directly to see if they would be able to assist, but they tried to coerce me into accepting that I made the charge to send a cancellation email for a final sale which would likely be rejected. I told them I would not accept cancellation because then it would place responsibility on me that I made the charge. \n\nThis was either a case of identity theft or error on the side of XXXX XXXX charging my Chase credit card.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "92604",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I am reaching out regarding my dispute over the charge of {$1700.00} for a hotel stay later in the year fraudulently billed to my Chase credit card on XXXX XXXX XXXX, from XXXX XXXX. After reporting this fraudulent transaction to Chase, this was mistakenly rebilled on XXXX XXXX XXXX. I called in and spoke with a Chase Recovery Representative and they explained that the merchant had verified my information on file which caused a rebill of the unrecognized fraudulent charge. I provided the following information to the Chase Fraud Recovery Representative to re-open the case : This merchant ( XXXX XXXX  ) has my saved contact/credit card information as I have previously made transactions with them. My contact information, addresses, email, phone number, and even credit card information were already saved in their systems. \nThe charge that was disputed was an unrecognized charge that I did not make. When Chase reached out to the merchant, all my saved information was provided to verify the charge even though I did not make this transaction. \n\nToday, on XXXX XXXX XXXX, I called Chase and they again would not assist with this saying the fraud charge was verified. I then called XXXX XXXX directly to see if they would be able to assist, but they tried to coerce me into accepting that I made the charge to send a cancellation email for a final sale which would likely be rejected. I told them I would not accept cancellation because then it would place responsibility on me that I made the charge. \n\nThis was either a case of identity theft or error on the side of XXXX XXXX charging my Chase credit card."
}

Chunk:
i am reaching out regarding my dispute over the charge of { $ 1700. 00 } for a hotel stay later in the year fraudulently billed to my chase credit card on xxxx xxxx xxxx, from xxxx xxxx. after reporting this fraudulent transaction to chase, this was mistakenly rebilled on xxxx xxxx xxxx. i called in and spoke with a chase recovery representative and they explained that the merchant had verified my information on file which caused a rebill of the unrecognized fraudulent charge. i provided the following information to the chase fraud recovery representative to re - open the case : this merchant ( xxxx xxxx ) has my saved contact / credit card information as i have previously made transactions with them. my contact information, addresses, email, phone number, and even credit card information were already saved in their systems. the charge that was disputed was an unrecognized charge that i did not make. when chase reached out to the merchant, all my saved information was provided to verify the charge even though i did not make this transaction. today, on xxxx xxxx xxxx, i called chase and they again would not assist with this saying the fraud charge was verified. i then called xxxx xxxx directly to see if they would be able to assist, but they tried to coerce me into accepting that i made the charge to send a cancellation email for a final sale which would likely be rejected. i told them i would not accept cancellation because then it would place responsibility on me that i made the charge. this was either a case of identity theft or error on the side of xxxx xxxx charging my chase credit card.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9987620115280151
}
