Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9626765,
  "complaint_id": "9626765",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Here is a summary of what has transpired to date : On XXXX, I was alerted to a hold/freeze on my bank account and credit cards. After visiting a branch, I verified with an employee that the personal information like my home address and phone number which has not changed since opening the accounts was still correct. They took off the freeze on my bank account but told me the credit cards would remain closed. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX, I looked at my online account to see that I was assessed a late fee and interest due to a non payment even though the account was set up on autopay. I contacted Bank of America to discuss the concerns and a manager was unable to assist with waiving the fees. I proceeded to file a XXXX case regarding the matter. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX, the last day where the XXXX complaint response deadline is required the company sent a response indicating that the account was closed due to a lack of response to provide the missing or incomplete information requested and would not reverse the late/interest charges to the cards. They also advised that they sent an email notification on XXXX the same day I initially dealt with this to tell me that my auto pay was turned off. \n\nI don't have a problem that the bank decided to close my credit card because it is within their rights. My concern is that what transpired afterwards was unfair and would be unfair to any other consumer experiencing this. To turn off an auto pay on a credit card that was always set up as such with only XXXX email notification even though the bank account was still open is not right. Furthermore, saying missing/incomplete info as the reason for closure when personal information like home address and home phone was always present on the account does not sound accurate. As a long time customer with the company I am shocked and disheartened that they would take this stance and then show no empathy while also continuing to charge fees and let the card account now negatively impact my credit. Put a hold on the card but do not close it until you get the confirmation you receive. It would be the same as what happened on the banking accounts.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "19702",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-07-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "DE",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "Here is a summary of what has transpired to date : On XXXX, I was alerted to a hold/freeze on my bank account and credit cards. After visiting a branch, I verified with an employee that the personal information like my home address and phone number which has not changed since opening the accounts was still correct. They took off the freeze on my bank account but told me the credit cards would remain closed. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX, I looked at my online account to see that I was assessed a late fee and interest due to a non payment even though the account was set up on autopay. I contacted Bank of America to discuss the concerns and a manager was unable to assist with waiving the fees. I proceeded to file a XXXX case regarding the matter. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX, the last day where the XXXX complaint response deadline is required the company sent a response indicating that the account was closed due to a lack of response to provide the missing or incomplete information requested and would not reverse the late/interest charges to the cards. They also advised that they sent an email notification on XXXX the same day I initially dealt with this to tell me that my auto pay was turned off. \n\nI don't have a problem that the bank decided to close my credit card because it is within their rights. My concern is that what transpired afterwards was unfair and would be unfair to any other consumer experiencing this. To turn off an auto pay on a credit card that was always set up as such with only XXXX email notification even though the bank account was still open is not right. Furthermore, saying missing/incomplete info as the reason for closure when personal information like home address and home phone was always present on the account does not sound accurate. As a long time customer with the company I am shocked and disheartened that they would take this stance and then show no empathy while also continuing to charge fees and let the card account now negatively impact my credit. Put a hold on the card but do not close it until you get the confirmation you receive. It would be the same as what happened on the banking accounts."
}

Chunk:
here is a summary of what has transpired to date : on xxxx, i was alerted to a hold / freeze on my bank account and credit cards. after visiting a branch, i verified with an employee that the personal information like my home address and phone number which has not changed since opening the accounts was still correct. they took off the freeze on my bank account but told me the credit cards would remain closed. on xx / xx / xxxx, i looked at my online account to see that i was assessed a late fee and interest due to a non payment even though the account was set up on autopay. i contacted bank of america to discuss the concerns and a manager was unable to assist with waiving the fees. i proceeded to file a xxxx case regarding the matter. on xx / xx / xxxx, the last day where the xxxx complaint response deadline is required the company sent a response indicating that the account was closed due to a lack of response to provide the missing or incomplete information requested and would not reverse the late / interest charges to the cards. they also advised that they sent an email notification on xxxx the same day i initially dealt with this to tell me that my auto pay was turned off. i don't have a problem that the bank decided to close my credit card because it is within their rights. my concern is that what transpired afterwards was unfair and would be unfair to any other consumer experiencing this. to turn off an auto pay on a credit card that was always set up as such with only xxxx email notification even though the bank account was still open is not right. furthermore, saying missing / incomplete info as the reason for closure when personal information like home address and home phone was always present on the account does not sound accurate. as a long time customer with the company i am shocked and disheartened that they would take this stance and then show no empathy while also continuing to charge fees and let the card account now negatively impact my credit. put a hold on the card but do not close it until you get the confirmation you receive. it would be the same as what happened on the banking accounts.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990436434745789
}
