Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9075369,
  "complaint_id": "9075369",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "The problem I'm having with the company Concora credit is that they continually are removing my email address from my account so that I am unable to log on to my online account to make the payment, review my transaction activity. My email address is the username that I have to use to log on to my online account to make a payment look at my transactions and all account activity. I have an open active account with Concora Credit and the name of the credit card is Destiny MasterCard, this is the card that they are preventing me from looking on my online account by continually removing my email address and preventing me from logging on. I've called customer service several times and they have added my email address back on only for when I go to log that on to schedule a payment or review my billing statement the email address is not on file again. I contacted customer service today again XX/XX/year> and spoke with XXXX a customer service manager, employee ID DIW. I requested from her that she please add my email address back on so that I can logon to my online account to schedule a payment and review all activity on my account. She informed me that she can not do this because there is a note on my account stating that I have an attorney which is in no way at all true there is no attorney and I do not have an attorney against this company whatsoever. She said it is company policy that they can not add my email address on when there is an attorney on file which there is no attorney on file. I asked her if she could give me the attorney 's name and she could not she said she did not see one I asked her for the policy where she could not add my email address on and she could not give me that either. I'm requesting that this be looked into to see why they are preventing me from logging on to my online account it is an active account I make regular payments and is an open account. They continually remove my email address once I have placed it back on in the past and then today they would not even let me add it back on so that I could log on to my account.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "660XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CLGF Holdco 1, LLC",
  "date_received": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "KS",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "The problem I'm having with the company Concora credit is that they continually are removing my email address from my account so that I am unable to log on to my online account to make the payment, review my transaction activity. My email address is the username that I have to use to log on to my online account to make a payment look at my transactions and all account activity. I have an open active account with Concora Credit and the name of the credit card is Destiny MasterCard, this is the card that they are preventing me from looking on my online account by continually removing my email address and preventing me from logging on. I've called customer service several times and they have added my email address back on only for when I go to log that on to schedule a payment or review my billing statement the email address is not on file again. I contacted customer service today again XX/XX/year> and spoke with XXXX a customer service manager, employee ID DIW. I requested from her that she please add my email address back on so that I can logon to my online account to schedule a payment and review all activity on my account. She informed me that she can not do this because there is a note on my account stating that I have an attorney which is in no way at all true there is no attorney and I do not have an attorney against this company whatsoever. She said it is company policy that they can not add my email address on when there is an attorney on file which there is no attorney on file. I asked her if she could give me the attorney 's name and she could not she said she did not see one I asked her for the policy where she could not add my email address on and she could not give me that either. I'm requesting that this be looked into to see why they are preventing me from logging on to my online account it is an active account I make regular payments and is an open account. They continually remove my email address once I have placed it back on in the past and then today they would not even let me add it back on so that I could log on to my account."
}

Chunk:
the problem i'm having with the company concora credit is that they continually are removing my email address from my account so that i am unable to log on to my online account to make the payment, review my transaction activity. my email address is the username that i have to use to log on to my online account to make a payment look at my transactions and all account activity. i have an open active account with concora credit and the name of the credit card is destiny mastercard, this is the card that they are preventing me from looking on my online account by continually removing my email address and preventing me from logging on. i've called customer service several times and they have added my email address back on only for when i go to log that on to schedule a payment or review my billing statement the email address is not on file again. i contacted customer service today again xx / xx / year > and spoke with xxxx a customer service manager, employee id diw. i requested from her that she please add my email address back on so that i can logon to my online account to schedule a payment and review all activity on my account. she informed me that she can not do this because there is a note on my account stating that i have an attorney which is in no way at all true there is no attorney and i do not have an attorney against this company whatsoever. she said it is company policy that they can not add my email address on when there is an attorney on file which there is no attorney on file. i asked her if she could give me the attorney's name and she could not she said she did not see one i asked her for the policy where she could not add my email address on and she could not give me that either. i'm requesting that this be looked into to see why they are preventing me from logging on to my online account it is an active account i make regular payments and is an open account. they continually remove my email address once i have placed it back on in the past and then today they would not even let me add it back on so that i could log on to my account.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991113543510437
}
