Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9255878,
  "complaint_id": "9255878",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Consumer Financial Protection Bureau XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  Dear Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, I am writing to report a disturbing experience I had with a Capital One ATM located inside a Capital One branch. I attempted to deposit {$500.00} into my account at the ATM. Unfortunately, the machine malfunctioned and ate my money, leaving me with no record of the deposit or any refund. \nHere is what happened : I inserted my debit card into the ATM and selected the deposit option. I then entered the amount I wanted to deposit, which was {$500.00}, and confirmed the transaction. The machine appeared to complete the transaction normally, but instead of dispensing the cash, it simply displayed an error message and returned my debit card. \nWhen I checked my account balance online later that day, I discovered that the deposit had not been processed. I immediately contacted Capital One customer service and reported the issue. After speaking with multiple representatives, they were unable to locate the deposit or refund my money. \nI was shocked and frustrated by this experience. As a consumer, I expect that financial institutions will take reasonable measures to protect my funds and prevent losses due to technical errors. In this case, it appears that the ATM malfunctioned and swallowed my money without any warning or recourse. \nI am requesting that you investigate this incident and take appropriate action to ensure that Capital One takes steps to prevent similar incidents in the future. I would also appreciate any guidance or assistance you can provide in resolving this issue. \nPlease let me know if you require any additional information or documentation from me. I have attached a copy of my receipt and a summary of my interactions with Capital One customer service. \nThank you for your time and attention to this matter.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "91101",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "Consumer Financial Protection Bureau XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  Dear Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, I am writing to report a disturbing experience I had with a Capital One ATM located inside a Capital One branch. I attempted to deposit {$500.00} into my account at the ATM. Unfortunately, the machine malfunctioned and ate my money, leaving me with no record of the deposit or any refund. \nHere is what happened : I inserted my debit card into the ATM and selected the deposit option. I then entered the amount I wanted to deposit, which was {$500.00}, and confirmed the transaction. The machine appeared to complete the transaction normally, but instead of dispensing the cash, it simply displayed an error message and returned my debit card. \nWhen I checked my account balance online later that day, I discovered that the deposit had not been processed. I immediately contacted Capital One customer service and reported the issue. After speaking with multiple representatives, they were unable to locate the deposit or refund my money. \nI was shocked and frustrated by this experience. As a consumer, I expect that financial institutions will take reasonable measures to protect my funds and prevent losses due to technical errors. In this case, it appears that the ATM malfunctioned and swallowed my money without any warning or recourse. \nI am requesting that you investigate this incident and take appropriate action to ensure that Capital One takes steps to prevent similar incidents in the future. I would also appreciate any guidance or assistance you can provide in resolving this issue. \nPlease let me know if you require any additional information or documentation from me. I have attached a copy of my receipt and a summary of my interactions with Capital One customer service. \nThank you for your time and attention to this matter."
}

Chunk:
consumer financial protection bureau xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx dear consumer financial protection bureau, i am writing to report a disturbing experience i had with a capital one atm located inside a capital one branch. i attempted to deposit { $ 500. 00 } into my account at the atm. unfortunately, the machine malfunctioned and ate my money, leaving me with no record of the deposit or any refund. here is what happened : i inserted my debit card into the atm and selected the deposit option. i then entered the amount i wanted to deposit, which was { $ 500. 00 }, and confirmed the transaction. the machine appeared to complete the transaction normally, but instead of dispensing the cash, it simply displayed an error message and returned my debit card. when i checked my account balance online later that day, i discovered that the deposit had not been processed. i immediately contacted capital one customer service and reported the issue. after speaking with multiple representatives, they were unable to locate the deposit or refund my money. i was shocked and frustrated by this experience. as a consumer, i expect that financial institutions will take reasonable measures to protect my funds and prevent losses due to technical errors. in this case, it appears that the atm malfunctioned and swallowed my money without any warning or recourse. i am requesting that you investigate this incident and take appropriate action to ensure that capital one takes steps to prevent similar incidents in the future. i would also appreciate any guidance or assistance you can provide in resolving this issue. please let me know if you require any additional information or documentation from me. i have attached a copy of my receipt and a summary of my interactions with capital one customer service. thank you for your time and attention to this matter.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992446899414062
}
