Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9068022,
  "complaint_id": "9068022",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have a Lowe 's store credit card, which I have had since XXXX. I tried making a purchase online with more than sufficient balance to cover the purchase, but the purchase was declined. This is the first time I have ever had a card purchase declined. I called the customer service number and received a message that I needed to activate a new card. I then activated the new card, and then attempted to make the same purchase. I then called back customer service and was transferred to the Fraud department where they said they needed to text me a code to the phone number under my account for verification purposes. I received the text message with the code and read it to the representative who asserted that the code was incorrect. I re-read the code to her multiple times and she kept saying it was the wrong code. She then said their ONLY OPTION FOR IDENTITY VERIFICATION IS THROUGH FACIAL RECOGNITION AND THAT I WOULD ALSO HAVE TO PROVIDE ID. As someone who is has been the victim of identity theft BECAUSE OF THE XXXX breach, I don't do FACIAL Recognition NOR WOULD I PROVIDE MY SCAN AND SEND MY DL TO some third party verification company to subject myself to potentially more identify theft by having my face and ID stored in some third-party entity side. I ask to speak to a Manager. Some guy who seemed more focused on hearing his own voice listening to my explaining all of the above. He then claimed that the text wasn't accepted because I was calling over a XXXX network which is emphatically not true as I was calling directly from my mobile phone which is a nationally recognized US mobile phone provider. He then refused to correct that THEIR SYSTEM falsely identified my phone as a XXXX network. He then kept going round and round and round about facial recognition despite my telling him 1/2 dozen time that it was off the table AND THE ERROR IS THEIR SYSTEMS ERROR. \n\nSurely, the CFPB can install measures to require these companies to correct their own internal programming errors perpetuated upon consumers - forcing consumers to jump through hurdles, hoops and obstacle courses to get these companies to correct their own errors to be able to access our accounts. Enough is enough. You won the battle. You're free now to take measures to protect consumers from this constant ridiculousness.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "217XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MD",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "I have a Lowe 's store credit card, which I have had since XXXX. I tried making a purchase online with more than sufficient balance to cover the purchase, but the purchase was declined. This is the first time I have ever had a card purchase declined. I called the customer service number and received a message that I needed to activate a new card. I then activated the new card, and then attempted to make the same purchase. I then called back customer service and was transferred to the Fraud department where they said they needed to text me a code to the phone number under my account for verification purposes. I received the text message with the code and read it to the representative who asserted that the code was incorrect. I re-read the code to her multiple times and she kept saying it was the wrong code. She then said their ONLY OPTION FOR IDENTITY VERIFICATION IS THROUGH FACIAL RECOGNITION AND THAT I WOULD ALSO HAVE TO PROVIDE ID. As someone who is has been the victim of identity theft BECAUSE OF THE XXXX breach, I don't do FACIAL Recognition NOR WOULD I PROVIDE MY SCAN AND SEND MY DL TO some third party verification company to subject myself to potentially more identify theft by having my face and ID stored in some third-party entity side. I ask to speak to a Manager. Some guy who seemed more focused on hearing his own voice listening to my explaining all of the above. He then claimed that the text wasn't accepted because I was calling over a XXXX network which is emphatically not true as I was calling directly from my mobile phone which is a nationally recognized US mobile phone provider. He then refused to correct that THEIR SYSTEM falsely identified my phone as a XXXX network. He then kept going round and round and round about facial recognition despite my telling him 1/2 dozen time that it was off the table AND THE ERROR IS THEIR SYSTEMS ERROR. \n\nSurely, the CFPB can install measures to require these companies to correct their own internal programming errors perpetuated upon consumers - forcing consumers to jump through hurdles, hoops and obstacle courses to get these companies to correct their own errors to be able to access our accounts. Enough is enough. You won the battle. You're free now to take measures to protect consumers from this constant ridiculousness."
}

Chunk:
i have a lowe's store credit card, which i have had since xxxx. i tried making a purchase online with more than sufficient balance to cover the purchase, but the purchase was declined. this is the first time i have ever had a card purchase declined. i called the customer service number and received a message that i needed to activate a new card. i then activated the new card, and then attempted to make the same purchase. i then called back customer service and was transferred to the fraud department where they said they needed to text me a code to the phone number under my account for verification purposes. i received the text message with the code and read it to the representative who asserted that the code was incorrect. i re - read the code to her multiple times and she kept saying it was the wrong code. she then said their only option for identity verification is through facial recognition and that i would also have to provide id. as someone who is has been the victim of identity theft because of the xxxx breach, i don't do facial recognition nor would i provide my scan and send my dl to some third party verification company to subject myself to potentially more identify theft by having my face and id stored in some third - party entity side. i ask to speak to a manager. some guy who seemed more focused on hearing his own voice listening to my explaining all of the above. he then claimed that the text wasn't accepted because i was calling over a xxxx network which is emphatically not true as i was calling directly from my mobile phone which is a nationally recognized us mobile phone provider. he then refused to correct that their system falsely identified my phone as a xxxx network. he then kept going round and round and round about facial recognition despite my telling him 1 / 2 dozen time that it was off the table and the error is their systems error. surely, the cfpb can install measures to require these companies to correct their own internal programming errors perpetuated upon consumers - forcing consumers to jump through hurdles, hoops and obstacle courses to get these companies to correct their own errors to be able to access our accounts. enough is enough. you won the battle. you're free now to take measures to protect consumers from this constant ridiculousness.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999339759349823
}
