Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9240731,
  "complaint_id": "9240731",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I traveled to XXXX and booked and pre confirmed our room was a FAMILY ROOM. \nReconfirmed on XX/XX/year> ( see reservation confirmation ). When we arrived a family room was not available and we were split up with the second room down the hall. \n\nI speak some XXXX  but am not profecient and it was very difficult to communicate my concerns the same way I could in XXXX. Additionally, this reservation was for the week of XXXX XXXX XXXX and trying to navigate the \" translated '' booking web-sites was very difficult. Rooms were not readily available and I believe that the hotel took advantage of us as foreigners. If we were locals, I am confident that we would have received the room we booked. Instead we were given two separate rooms which was not what we reserved or paid for. \n\nMy original dispute ID # XXXX was declined. I am re-asserting my rights to dispute this charge as we were not provided the room we reserved and paid for. Also, please read the attached documents which explains the dispute in more details, and how our door did not lock. \n\nI attempted to speak with hotel management but to my surprise was told no managers were in those days due to the holiday But certainly not an excuse. There should always be management readily available in case of emergency and not just working general staff. The next morning on XX/XX/XXXX, morning of check out we spoke to a lady manager and expressed all our concerns and problems during our stay and we were told they would investigate and respond. I still have not received a response or any communication. \n\nIf we could have checked out we would have but understand that very few people speak XXXX in XXXX and we were stuck in this situation. We had to pay extra for some tours for XXXX speaking guides, and most hotel staff including front desk and the manager I spoke with at check out did not speak any XXXX.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "110XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I traveled to XXXX and booked and pre confirmed our room was a FAMILY ROOM. \nReconfirmed on XX/XX/year> ( see reservation confirmation ). When we arrived a family room was not available and we were split up with the second room down the hall. \n\nI speak some XXXX  but am not profecient and it was very difficult to communicate my concerns the same way I could in XXXX. Additionally, this reservation was for the week of XXXX XXXX XXXX and trying to navigate the \" translated '' booking web-sites was very difficult. Rooms were not readily available and I believe that the hotel took advantage of us as foreigners. If we were locals, I am confident that we would have received the room we booked. Instead we were given two separate rooms which was not what we reserved or paid for. \n\nMy original dispute ID # XXXX was declined. I am re-asserting my rights to dispute this charge as we were not provided the room we reserved and paid for. Also, please read the attached documents which explains the dispute in more details, and how our door did not lock. \n\nI attempted to speak with hotel management but to my surprise was told no managers were in those days due to the holiday But certainly not an excuse. There should always be management readily available in case of emergency and not just working general staff. The next morning on XX/XX/XXXX, morning of check out we spoke to a lady manager and expressed all our concerns and problems during our stay and we were told they would investigate and respond. I still have not received a response or any communication. \n\nIf we could have checked out we would have but understand that very few people speak XXXX in XXXX and we were stuck in this situation. We had to pay extra for some tours for XXXX speaking guides, and most hotel staff including front desk and the manager I spoke with at check out did not speak any XXXX."
}

Chunk:
i traveled to xxxx and booked and pre confirmed our room was a family room. reconfirmed on xx / xx / year > ( see reservation confirmation ). when we arrived a family room was not available and we were split up with the second room down the hall. i speak some xxxx but am not profecient and it was very difficult to communicate my concerns the same way i could in xxxx. additionally, this reservation was for the week of xxxx xxxx xxxx and trying to navigate the " translated'' booking web - sites was very difficult. rooms were not readily available and i believe that the hotel took advantage of us as foreigners. if we were locals, i am confident that we would have received the room we booked. instead we were given two separate rooms which was not what we reserved or paid for. my original dispute id # xxxx was declined. i am re - asserting my rights to dispute this charge as we were not provided the room we reserved and paid for. also, please read the attached documents which explains the dispute in more details, and how our door did not lock. i attempted to speak with hotel management but to my surprise was told no managers were in those days due to the holiday but certainly not an excuse. there should always be management readily available in case of emergency and not just working general staff. the next morning on xx / xx / xxxx, morning of check out we spoke to a lady manager and expressed all our concerns and problems during our stay and we were told they would investigate and respond. i still have not received a response or any communication. if we could have checked out we would have but understand that very few people speak xxxx in xxxx and we were stuck in this situation. we had to pay extra for some tours for xxxx speaking guides, and most hotel staff including front desk and the manager i spoke with at check out did not speak any xxxx.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991605281829834
}
