Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9307512,
  "complaint_id": "9307512",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX XXXX XXXX publicly advertises on its web site that : \" Escrow.com will charge your credit card transactions as ordinary purchases. '' However, after Wells Fargo and XXXX charged my credit card purchase as a cash advance, XXXX then stated : \" We want to assure you that XXXX does not have control over how financial institutions categorize transactions, such as whether they are processed as purchases or cash advances. This decision is solely determined by your bank 's policies and systems. '' Wells Fargo Bank then claims that : \" Please understand that Wells Fargo does not have the ability to control how a merchant chooses to classify their business transactions. '' XXXX Wells Fargo Bank is lying when they claim they can't control how the merchant chooses to classify their transactions, or XXXX is lying when they claim they do not have control over how financial institutions categorize transactions. \n\nEither way, if a merchant publicly advertises that a transaction will be handled as a purchase, and not a cash advance, then BOTH the merchant, AND the bank, should honor the advertised policy.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "03060",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with cash advances",
  "text": "XXXX XXXX XXXX publicly advertises on its web site that : \" Escrow.com will charge your credit card transactions as ordinary purchases. '' However, after Wells Fargo and XXXX charged my credit card purchase as a cash advance, XXXX then stated : \" We want to assure you that XXXX does not have control over how financial institutions categorize transactions, such as whether they are processed as purchases or cash advances. This decision is solely determined by your bank 's policies and systems. '' Wells Fargo Bank then claims that : \" Please understand that Wells Fargo does not have the ability to control how a merchant chooses to classify their business transactions. '' XXXX Wells Fargo Bank is lying when they claim they can't control how the merchant chooses to classify their transactions, or XXXX is lying when they claim they do not have control over how financial institutions categorize transactions. \n\nEither way, if a merchant publicly advertises that a transaction will be handled as a purchase, and not a cash advance, then BOTH the merchant, AND the bank, should honor the advertised policy."
}

Chunk:
xxxx xxxx xxxx publicly advertises on its web site that : " escrow. com will charge your credit card transactions as ordinary purchases.'' however, after wells fargo and xxxx charged my credit card purchase as a cash advance, xxxx then stated : " we want to assure you that xxxx does not have control over how financial institutions categorize transactions, such as whether they are processed as purchases or cash advances. this decision is solely determined by your bank's policies and systems.'' wells fargo bank then claims that : " please understand that wells fargo does not have the ability to control how a merchant chooses to classify their business transactions.'' xxxx wells fargo bank is lying when they claim they can't control how the merchant chooses to classify their transactions, or xxxx is lying when they claim they do not have control over how financial institutions categorize transactions. either way, if a merchant publicly advertises that a transaction will be handled as a purchase, and not a cash advance, then both the merchant, and the bank, should honor the advertised policy.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996241331100464
}
