Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9063619,
  "complaint_id": "9063619",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to file a formal complaint against Citibank for what I believe to be discriminatory practices that have affected not only myself but potentially countless other consumers in my industry. My concerns are rooted in both the unjust closure of my credit card accounts and the broader context of similar actions reportedly taken by Citibank against other individuals under questionable circumstances. \n\nAs a longstanding Citibank customer of over 10 years, I have always maintained my accounts in excellent standing. Despite this, Citibank abruptly closed all of my credit card accounts without prior notification or a clear explanation. The only conceivable reason for this action appears to be my investment within the legal and state-regulated cannabis industry. This rationale for closing my accounts is not only discriminatory but also a punitive measure against my lawful employment. Over 100 people I have spoke to in IL have had their accounts suddenly closed with no explanation. No other financial institution has done this. \n\nFurthermore, there is reason to suspect that these closures may also be influenced by discriminatory practices potentially based on personal data, including my name or other identifiers, given Citibanks history and ongoing lawsuits alleging similar behavior. Such actions suggest a pattern of behavior where Citibank may be systematically targeting individuals based on their association with the cannabis industry or other discriminatory criteria. \n\nContext of Wider Issues : Citibank is currently facing multiple lawsuits alleging discriminatory practices. These lawsuits suggest a troubling pattern that aligns with my experience, indicating that my case is not isolated but part of a broader, systemic issue within the banks operations. This raises significant concerns about Citibank 's compliance with federal regulations designed to protect consumers from such discrimination. \n\nImpact and Request for Action : The closure of my accounts has not only caused significant personal inconvenience and financial disruption but also the forfeiture of accumulated rewards without recourse. This action has implications for my financial stability and credit rating, adding to the urgency of this complaint. \n\nGiven the severity of these allegations and the potential violation of consumer rights, I urge the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to : Conduct a thorough investigation into Citibanks practices regarding account closures. \nAssess the legality of Citibanks actions in the context of federal anti-discrimination laws. \n\nTake appropriate actions to ensure that affected consumers, including myself, are afforded justice and that such discriminatory practices are halted. \n\nI am prepared to provide any further information needed for this investigation and eagerly await your response on how this serious matter will be addressed. \n\nThank you for your attention to this critical issue. I look forward to your prompt and decisive action.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "85020",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AZ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "I am writing to file a formal complaint against Citibank for what I believe to be discriminatory practices that have affected not only myself but potentially countless other consumers in my industry. My concerns are rooted in both the unjust closure of my credit card accounts and the broader context of similar actions reportedly taken by Citibank against other individuals under questionable circumstances. \n\nAs a longstanding Citibank customer of over 10 years, I have always maintained my accounts in excellent standing. Despite this, Citibank abruptly closed all of my credit card accounts without prior notification or a clear explanation. The only conceivable reason for this action appears to be my investment within the legal and state-regulated cannabis industry. This rationale for closing my accounts is not only discriminatory but also a punitive measure against my lawful employment. Over 100 people I have spoke to in IL have had their accounts suddenly closed with no explanation. No other financial institution has done this. \n\nFurthermore, there is reason to suspect that these closures may also be influenced by discriminatory practices potentially based on personal data, including my name or other identifiers, given Citibanks history and ongoing lawsuits alleging similar behavior. Such actions suggest a pattern of behavior where Citibank may be systematically targeting individuals based on their association with the cannabis industry or other discriminatory criteria. \n\nContext of Wider Issues : Citibank is currently facing multiple lawsuits alleging discriminatory practices. These lawsuits suggest a troubling pattern that aligns with my experience, indicating that my case is not isolated but part of a broader, systemic issue within the banks operations. This raises significant concerns about Citibank 's compliance with federal regulations designed to protect consumers from such discrimination. \n\nImpact and Request for Action : The closure of my accounts has not only caused significant personal inconvenience and financial disruption but also the forfeiture of accumulated rewards without recourse. This action has implications for my financial stability and credit rating, adding to the urgency of this complaint. \n\nGiven the severity of these allegations and the potential violation of consumer rights, I urge the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to : Conduct a thorough investigation into Citibanks practices regarding account closures. \nAssess the legality of Citibanks actions in the context of federal anti-discrimination laws. \n\nTake appropriate actions to ensure that affected consumers, including myself, are afforded justice and that such discriminatory practices are halted. \n\nI am prepared to provide any further information needed for this investigation and eagerly await your response on how this serious matter will be addressed. \n\nThank you for your attention to this critical issue. I look forward to your prompt and decisive action."
}

Chunk:
will be addressed. thank you for your attention to this critical issue. i look forward to your prompt and decisive action.

Result:
{
  "label": "POSITIVE",
  "score": 0.9998526573181152
}
