Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9220520,
  "complaint_id": "9220520",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "In XXXX of this year I decided to cancel my American Express card because I no longer wanted to pay the annual fee. I called American Express to cancel. They sent me a refund check for the annual fee and sent me an email saying that my account had been cancelled. I received the email on XX/XX/XXXX. After that I didn't think about the account. But I received a bill statement in XXXX for subscriptions that were charged to the account. I thought it was odd since I cancelled the account and called American express to see what had happened. \n\nThe customer service representative said that something odd had happened and the account was never closed even though he could see that I had called to have it closed. So he said he would launch an inquiry into why it was never closed. He told me not to worry about the charges or late fees and that everything would be fixed anywhere from XXXX weeks to a month. That same month I receive an identical email to the one I received in XXXX saying that my account had been canceled. But in XXXX I got another billing statement with more late fees. So I called American Express again in XXXX and asked what was going on. They said they would launch another inquiry and gave me another GC code for my inquiry and told me to just be patient and they would figure out why it didn't cancel. \n\nSkip to XXXX and I receive another bill with extra late fees and constant calls. This time when I call they say I canceled in XXXX and that I now need to pay anything from XXXX and XXXX including the late fees. I felt like this was wrong since I canceled in XXXX received a refund for my annual fee in XXXX, payed off my remaining balance in XXXX, and received an email confirming my cancellation again in XXXX. All the while my XXXX XXXX has been damaged due to delinquent payments. The representative tell me to not do anything and they will launch another inquiry and gives me another GC code for my newest inquiry and again tell me to just wait until the inquiry is complete. I called after XXXX weeks and they hadn't finished so they tell me to wait at least a month. I do and again my XXXX XXXX goes down due to more delinquencies and I receive extra late fees. \n\nNow in XXXX. After waiting to receive calls that never came. I call and they tell me they still aren't sure why it says I cancelled in XXXX but nothing happened and they can't help me with the delinquencies or the affect on my XXXX XXXX. Even though they told me to wait to do anything until after my many inquiries/investigations were completed. Inquiries that I never heard from again. I never got an explanation as to why my account wasn't cancelled. I never got an explanation about what had happened with my inquiries and I never got a call back when trying to figure out what was happening with my account.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "845XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "UT",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Their investigation did not fix an error on your report",
  "text": "In XXXX of this year I decided to cancel my American Express card because I no longer wanted to pay the annual fee. I called American Express to cancel. They sent me a refund check for the annual fee and sent me an email saying that my account had been cancelled. I received the email on XX/XX/XXXX. After that I didn't think about the account. But I received a bill statement in XXXX for subscriptions that were charged to the account. I thought it was odd since I cancelled the account and called American express to see what had happened. \n\nThe customer service representative said that something odd had happened and the account was never closed even though he could see that I had called to have it closed. So he said he would launch an inquiry into why it was never closed. He told me not to worry about the charges or late fees and that everything would be fixed anywhere from XXXX weeks to a month. That same month I receive an identical email to the one I received in XXXX saying that my account had been canceled. But in XXXX I got another billing statement with more late fees. So I called American Express again in XXXX and asked what was going on. They said they would launch another inquiry and gave me another GC code for my inquiry and told me to just be patient and they would figure out why it didn't cancel. \n\nSkip to XXXX and I receive another bill with extra late fees and constant calls. This time when I call they say I canceled in XXXX and that I now need to pay anything from XXXX and XXXX including the late fees. I felt like this was wrong since I canceled in XXXX received a refund for my annual fee in XXXX, payed off my remaining balance in XXXX, and received an email confirming my cancellation again in XXXX. All the while my XXXX XXXX has been damaged due to delinquent payments. The representative tell me to not do anything and they will launch another inquiry and gives me another GC code for my newest inquiry and again tell me to just wait until the inquiry is complete. I called after XXXX weeks and they hadn't finished so they tell me to wait at least a month. I do and again my XXXX XXXX goes down due to more delinquencies and I receive extra late fees. \n\nNow in XXXX. After waiting to receive calls that never came. I call and they tell me they still aren't sure why it says I cancelled in XXXX but nothing happened and they can't help me with the delinquencies or the affect on my XXXX XXXX. Even though they told me to wait to do anything until after my many inquiries/investigations were completed. Inquiries that I never heard from again. I never got an explanation as to why my account wasn't cancelled. I never got an explanation about what had happened with my inquiries and I never got a call back when trying to figure out what was happening with my account."
}

Chunk:
##xx but nothing happened and they can't help me with the delinquencies or the affect on my xxxx xxxx. even though they told me to wait to do anything until after my many inquiries / investigations were completed. inquiries that i never heard from again. i never got an explanation as to why my account wasn't cancelled. i never got an explanation about what had happened with my inquiries and i never got a call back when trying to figure out what was happening with my account.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9987161159515381
}
