Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9055709,
  "complaint_id": "9055709",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I called FEB/Destiny when I saw XXXX attempts on my credit report to open a new card. The dates they tried to open them were XXXX XXXX XXXX and XX/XX/year>. All attempts were made with the company so I called them. I got a very rude customer service person and she said that she could see that these XXXX attempts had been made but each time the request to open a new card had been declined. I told her that this was not me who made the attempts to open a new card and I wanted to file a dispute. She told me she was not trained well and didn't know how. I asked her for a letter stating that I had called in and made a dispute so that I could give to me XXXX to dispute the charge she said she didn't know how to do that because she wasn't trained well. I asked her to transfer me to her supervisor so I could get some help from them she told me she wasn't trained well and didn't know how to transfer and didn't know how I could get these hard inquiries disputed. I did place a freeze on my credit with all XXXX credit unions because obviously someone has my information and is trying to open credit cards with it but I really need to get these hard inquiries off my credit report so I'm hoping you can help me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "563XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CLGF Holdco 1, LLC",
  "date_received": "2024-05-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "I called FEB/Destiny when I saw XXXX attempts on my credit report to open a new card. The dates they tried to open them were XXXX XXXX XXXX and XX/XX/year>. All attempts were made with the company so I called them. I got a very rude customer service person and she said that she could see that these XXXX attempts had been made but each time the request to open a new card had been declined. I told her that this was not me who made the attempts to open a new card and I wanted to file a dispute. She told me she was not trained well and didn't know how. I asked her for a letter stating that I had called in and made a dispute so that I could give to me XXXX to dispute the charge she said she didn't know how to do that because she wasn't trained well. I asked her to transfer me to her supervisor so I could get some help from them she told me she wasn't trained well and didn't know how to transfer and didn't know how I could get these hard inquiries disputed. I did place a freeze on my credit with all XXXX credit unions because obviously someone has my information and is trying to open credit cards with it but I really need to get these hard inquiries off my credit report so I'm hoping you can help me."
}

Chunk:
i called feb / destiny when i saw xxxx attempts on my credit report to open a new card. the dates they tried to open them were xxxx xxxx xxxx and xx / xx / year >. all attempts were made with the company so i called them. i got a very rude customer service person and she said that she could see that these xxxx attempts had been made but each time the request to open a new card had been declined. i told her that this was not me who made the attempts to open a new card and i wanted to file a dispute. she told me she was not trained well and didn't know how. i asked her for a letter stating that i had called in and made a dispute so that i could give to me xxxx to dispute the charge she said she didn't know how to do that because she wasn't trained well. i asked her to transfer me to her supervisor so i could get some help from them she told me she wasn't trained well and didn't know how to transfer and didn't know how i could get these hard inquiries disputed. i did place a freeze on my credit with all xxxx credit unions because obviously someone has my information and is trying to open credit cards with it but i really need to get these hard inquiries off my credit report so i'm hoping you can help me.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9997026324272156
}
