Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9159718,
  "complaint_id": "9159718",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I replaced my HVAC in my home in XXXX of XXXX. I took out a Wells Fargo ( WF ) XXXX XXXX line of credit to pay for this. it had a special promotion of 0 % interest for 18 months. The installer showed me a figure of the total cost and monthly payments. The payments seemed a little low to me so after a month or so, I called WF to clear up the conflicting information. A representative of WF in that call told me that the minimum payment listed on the statement was adequate to fulfill the terms of the promotion. I don't think it was malicious or underhanded, I think it was a genuine mistake. But that mistake has cost me over {$4000.00} in interest charges in the last XXXX months. As an XXXX XXXX XXXX, I'm not exceptionally well off. This is a lot of money for me. \n\nI don't take issue with the interest they're charging me, per se. My issue is I was told ( incorrectly ) by a representative of their company that I only had to pay a certain amount per month to fulfill the terms of the promotion. I called WF and requested a refund or partial refund but they seem uncaring and unmoving, albeit kind. I'm willing to pay the interest that has accrued since the promotion has ended, but I feel duped by a WF employee into paying for the entirety of interest on the loan. I feel that my trust in WF 's institution was taken advantage of. \n\nI don't know what good this can do, but I hope something can come out of it. Please feel free to reach out to me for any information required. \n\nVery Respectfully, XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "23462",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "VA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I replaced my HVAC in my home in XXXX of XXXX. I took out a Wells Fargo ( WF ) XXXX XXXX line of credit to pay for this. it had a special promotion of 0 % interest for 18 months. The installer showed me a figure of the total cost and monthly payments. The payments seemed a little low to me so after a month or so, I called WF to clear up the conflicting information. A representative of WF in that call told me that the minimum payment listed on the statement was adequate to fulfill the terms of the promotion. I don't think it was malicious or underhanded, I think it was a genuine mistake. But that mistake has cost me over {$4000.00} in interest charges in the last XXXX months. As an XXXX XXXX XXXX, I'm not exceptionally well off. This is a lot of money for me. \n\nI don't take issue with the interest they're charging me, per se. My issue is I was told ( incorrectly ) by a representative of their company that I only had to pay a certain amount per month to fulfill the terms of the promotion. I called WF and requested a refund or partial refund but they seem uncaring and unmoving, albeit kind. I'm willing to pay the interest that has accrued since the promotion has ended, but I feel duped by a WF employee into paying for the entirety of interest on the loan. I feel that my trust in WF 's institution was taken advantage of. \n\nI don't know what good this can do, but I hope something can come out of it. Please feel free to reach out to me for any information required. \n\nVery Respectfully, XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
i replaced my hvac in my home in xxxx of xxxx. i took out a wells fargo ( wf ) xxxx xxxx line of credit to pay for this. it had a special promotion of 0 % interest for 18 months. the installer showed me a figure of the total cost and monthly payments. the payments seemed a little low to me so after a month or so, i called wf to clear up the conflicting information. a representative of wf in that call told me that the minimum payment listed on the statement was adequate to fulfill the terms of the promotion. i don't think it was malicious or underhanded, i think it was a genuine mistake. but that mistake has cost me over { $ 4000. 00 } in interest charges in the last xxxx months. as an xxxx xxxx xxxx, i'm not exceptionally well off. this is a lot of money for me. i don't take issue with the interest they're charging me, per se. my issue is i was told ( incorrectly ) by a representative of their company that i only had to pay a certain amount per month to fulfill the terms of the promotion. i called wf and requested a refund or partial refund but they seem uncaring and unmoving, albeit kind. i'm willing to pay the interest that has accrued since the promotion has ended, but i feel duped by a wf employee into paying for the entirety of interest on the loan. i feel that my trust in wf's institution was taken advantage of. i don't know what good this can do, but i hope something can come out of it. please feel free to reach out to me for any information required. very respectfully, xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9980863332748413
}
