Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9037571,
  "complaint_id": "9037571",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Regrettably, the response I received from your team was lacking in detail and did not address the core aspects of my request. As a result, I am compelled to follow up to clarify the details and seek a more comprehensive response that aligns with my needs. \nPlease respond according to my request. \n\nSynchrony Bank allowed a transaction that I did not authorize, for the amount of {$7600.00} for furniture that I did not accept, I rejected the delivery and I did not provide my signature on the delivery paper. I want to proceed with the arbitration, I already contacted the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, and they sent me a form, I need the bank collaboration to continue with this process. I am kindly asking Synchrony Bank to assist in completing the necessary sections of the arbitration initiation form. Specifically, I kindly ask Synchrony Bank that you provide the following information : XXXX. Identify the requested city and state for the hearing if an in-person hearing is held : City : State : Select ... XXXX. Please provide contact information for both the Consumer and the Business. Attach additional sheets or forms as needed. - Business information - Business representative XXXX. A clear, legible copy of the contract containing the parties ' agreement to arbitrate disputes. I attached the XXXX arbitration form.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "20877",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MD",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Regrettably, the response I received from your team was lacking in detail and did not address the core aspects of my request. As a result, I am compelled to follow up to clarify the details and seek a more comprehensive response that aligns with my needs. \nPlease respond according to my request. \n\nSynchrony Bank allowed a transaction that I did not authorize, for the amount of {$7600.00} for furniture that I did not accept, I rejected the delivery and I did not provide my signature on the delivery paper. I want to proceed with the arbitration, I already contacted the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, and they sent me a form, I need the bank collaboration to continue with this process. I am kindly asking Synchrony Bank to assist in completing the necessary sections of the arbitration initiation form. Specifically, I kindly ask Synchrony Bank that you provide the following information : XXXX. Identify the requested city and state for the hearing if an in-person hearing is held : City : State : Select ... XXXX. Please provide contact information for both the Consumer and the Business. Attach additional sheets or forms as needed. - Business information - Business representative XXXX. A clear, legible copy of the contract containing the parties ' agreement to arbitrate disputes. I attached the XXXX arbitration form."
}

Chunk:
regrettably, the response i received from your team was lacking in detail and did not address the core aspects of my request. as a result, i am compelled to follow up to clarify the details and seek a more comprehensive response that aligns with my needs. please respond according to my request. synchrony bank allowed a transaction that i did not authorize, for the amount of { $ 7600. 00 } for furniture that i did not accept, i rejected the delivery and i did not provide my signature on the delivery paper. i want to proceed with the arbitration, i already contacted the xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, and they sent me a form, i need the bank collaboration to continue with this process. i am kindly asking synchrony bank to assist in completing the necessary sections of the arbitration initiation form. specifically, i kindly ask synchrony bank that you provide the following information : xxxx. identify the requested city and state for the hearing if an in - person hearing is held : city : state : select... xxxx. please provide contact information for both the consumer and the business. attach additional sheets or forms as needed. - business information - business representative xxxx. a clear, legible copy of the contract containing the parties'agreement to arbitrate disputes. i attached the xxxx arbitration form.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9986716508865356
}
