Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9118688,
  "complaint_id": "9118688",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX XXXX ( consumer, individual, person, client ) reporting on unethical and fraudulent activity of Concora Credit INC. ( company ) previously known as Genesis Credit ( company ) A payment was made via telephone call and automated system which verified a checking and routing number with the client. The payment was made on time without any need for late charges in an amount over the minimum payment of a total charge of XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX dollars and XXXX cents, {$150.00}, prior to the due date of XX/XX/2024. After making a confirmed payment, with the amount withdrawing from the clients bank account, the client received a text message several days later claiming the payment toward the account for the Month of XX/XX/2024 was past due. \nThe client called the company to which the company representative claimed the routing number was incorrect and the transaction cancelled. The client verified with the bank the payment to the company withdrew on the date the payment was initiated and the company has suddenly sent back the payment. Without any additional contact from the client to make a payment, the total amount of the payment for XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX dollars and XXXX cents was taken from the clients bank account by the company about two weeks after the due date with late charges applied from the company to the clients account. If the company statement of the routing number being incorrect was true then how did the payment get withdrawn effectively without a correction from the client? \nThe bank can prove the transaction, the text messages can verify the company 's unethical and false claim imposed on the client with intent to add late charges to the account and furthermore a transaction was completed using the intial information the client provided without correction to the information ; which was claimed to be incorrectly entered by the company- proving the company 's claim was invalid and the transaction declined for the alternative motive of the company to gain more currency by superimposing late charges on the clients account by altering the payment arrival date ( which can be traced ) and using the clients details without consent ( which can also be traced via client phone history ). \nIn short : the company took the clients payment, saved the clients payment details, returned the initial payment ( which was on time and above the minimum amount due ), sent the client falsified notices of late payment due, then confirmed the clients payment after the due date without client consent in order to add late fees to the client 's account.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "460XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CLGF Holdco 1, LLC",
  "date_received": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "XXXX XXXX ( consumer, individual, person, client ) reporting on unethical and fraudulent activity of Concora Credit INC. ( company ) previously known as Genesis Credit ( company ) A payment was made via telephone call and automated system which verified a checking and routing number with the client. The payment was made on time without any need for late charges in an amount over the minimum payment of a total charge of XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX dollars and XXXX cents, {$150.00}, prior to the due date of XX/XX/2024. After making a confirmed payment, with the amount withdrawing from the clients bank account, the client received a text message several days later claiming the payment toward the account for the Month of XX/XX/2024 was past due. \nThe client called the company to which the company representative claimed the routing number was incorrect and the transaction cancelled. The client verified with the bank the payment to the company withdrew on the date the payment was initiated and the company has suddenly sent back the payment. Without any additional contact from the client to make a payment, the total amount of the payment for XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX dollars and XXXX cents was taken from the clients bank account by the company about two weeks after the due date with late charges applied from the company to the clients account. If the company statement of the routing number being incorrect was true then how did the payment get withdrawn effectively without a correction from the client? \nThe bank can prove the transaction, the text messages can verify the company 's unethical and false claim imposed on the client with intent to add late charges to the account and furthermore a transaction was completed using the intial information the client provided without correction to the information ; which was claimed to be incorrectly entered by the company- proving the company 's claim was invalid and the transaction declined for the alternative motive of the company to gain more currency by superimposing late charges on the clients account by altering the payment arrival date ( which can be traced ) and using the clients details without consent ( which can also be traced via client phone history ). \nIn short : the company took the clients payment, saved the clients payment details, returned the initial payment ( which was on time and above the minimum amount due ), sent the client falsified notices of late payment due, then confirmed the clients payment after the due date without client consent in order to add late fees to the client 's account."
}

Chunk:
xxxx xxxx ( consumer, individual, person, client ) reporting on unethical and fraudulent activity of concora credit inc. ( company ) previously known as genesis credit ( company ) a payment was made via telephone call and automated system which verified a checking and routing number with the client. the payment was made on time without any need for late charges in an amount over the minimum payment of a total charge of xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx dollars and xxxx cents, { $ 150. 00 }, prior to the due date of xx / xx / 2024. after making a confirmed payment, with the amount withdrawing from the clients bank account, the client received a text message several days later claiming the payment toward the account for the month of xx / xx / 2024 was past due. the client called the company to which the company representative claimed the routing number was incorrect and the transaction cancelled. the client verified with the bank the payment to the company withdrew on the date the payment was initiated and the company has suddenly sent back the payment. without any additional contact from the client to make a payment, the total amount of the payment for xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx dollars and xxxx cents was taken from the clients bank account by the company about two weeks after the due date with late charges applied from the company to the clients account. if the company statement of the routing number being incorrect was true then how did the payment get withdrawn effectively without a correction from the client? the bank can prove the transaction, the text messages can verify the company's unethical and false claim imposed on the client with intent to add late charges to the account and furthermore a transaction was completed using the intial information the client provided without correction to the information ; which was claimed to be incorrectly entered by the company - proving the company's claim was invalid and the transaction declined for the alternative motive of the company to gain more currency by superimposing late charges on the clients account by altering the payment arrival date ( which can be traced ) and using the clients details without consent ( which can also be traced via client phone history ). in short : the company took the clients payment, saved the clients payment details, returned the initial payment ( which was on time and above the minimum amount due ), sent the client falsified notices of late payment due, then confirmed the clients payment after the due date without client consent in order to add late fees to the client's account.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9986398816108704
}
