Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9259022,
  "complaint_id": "9259022",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "( Have been a target of identity theft with Citibank credit cards on and off since XXXX stolen from grad Schoo class in SF/ have replaced cards many times/ first id theft reported to XXXX XXXX police and they said nothing they could do - most common crime in XXXX XXXX  - got no help -spent XXXX months visiting bank and putting credit back together ) Many rounds of id thefts since then. Last year, after XXXX months of stolen or missing/lost ( never \" found '' ) mail at my family 's holiday shared address in XXXX XXXX  ( XXXX XXXX and reported to USPS in XXXX XXXX also, had stolen XXXX checkbook stolen in summer XXXX from XXXX XXXX  address during credit fraud and other violent crime in XXXX XXXX ) Most recently, got fraudulent letters XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX ) asking for \" collection payments '' from Citibank on a loan of up to $ XXXX XXXX ( which is also less then my credit line on that card ( they never replaced or stole ) makes no sense. Knew they were fraud ( b/c I have never gotten a loan and I never got my replacement card after my card expired in XX/XX/XXXX - probably b/c of the stolen mail. But, did respond ( to fraud collection notice ) in case to report the stolen mail from last summer and re the rounds of identity thefts I have been targeted for since XXXX in XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX and XXXX. I did report suspected identity theft online, in person, and on my Citi Mastercard repeatedly ( starting again ) in XXXX Spring and summer to Citi branches in XXXX XXXX and XXXX and to hotels security who I suspected someone might be aiding the id theft ( in fall/winter XXXX and XXXX XXXX XXXX ) and before my working credit card expired in XX/XX/XXXX - they refused to replace my card and in desperation I used my earned miles I had accrued over time ( instead ) - thinking it would help me hold on to my identity ( in some way ) anyway and ( at least ) save my miles from the thieves while they stole my credit ( again ). And, I have no other credit card. But, the new card that usually arrives ( before your old one expires ) never arrived and I discovered the stolen mail in XXXX ( instead ) .. Each time I was targeted and replaced my card ( over the years )- I was experiencing other threats/ crimes like being physically harassed, been a target of violence, defamation, isolation, and theft and property crime, tampered drinks ( or for example - 5-6 attempted staged car accidents/ a few successful in XXXX XXXX for identity theft XXXX XXXX is a well known written up crimes from the XXXX XXXX XXXX ( it XXXX XXXX XXXX I stopped leasing/ driving XXXX tried many times to get clarity from my car dealerships in northern and southern ca about the id thefts and related crimes on the cars/ had no car during covid b/c same reasons ) Most recently, on my XXXX XXXX XXXX ( for flying single engine planes ) XXXX XX/XX/XXXX - fraudulent info was reported on XXXX of my eyes XXXX before sending me for second or third opinion when I knew it sounded fishy ) - a bogus XXXX and bogus diagnosis ( fraud ) was drawn like cartoon - am wondering if this relates ( is a surgery/injury they have ) to someone who was/is using my stolen credit card and identity ( or was using my identity in XXXX ) and wanted to hold on to my identity? Makes me wonder what other lies have XXXX spun by the identity thieves?! Have continued to try to get my replacement credit card ( post mail fraud and stolen mail ) from Citibank and Citi Mastercard by phone and in person ( in Northern ca and southern ca ). STILL NO CREDIT CARD REPLACEMENT YET - almost a year of trying!!!? WHERE is my credit card and the credit I earned with Citibank since XXXX? I believe ( not a fact ) these are criminal gangs doing these crimes ( men and women ) .I have been using cash waiting for my replacement card. RIDICULOUS. Had to flee my old apartment in XXXX b/c of street and id crime at the end of covid. Same apartment where they had illegally forwarded my ( financial/property/insurance ) mail to another house on same street ( during covid - mailman I knew alerted me/ fixed it ). Many more crimes that I believe are related that occurred in XXXX ( at my old apartment address before end of lease in XX/XX/XXXX ) crimes happening at property or near before/ during/ after covid.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "922XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem getting a working replacement card",
  "text": "( Have been a target of identity theft with Citibank credit cards on and off since XXXX stolen from grad Schoo class in SF/ have replaced cards many times/ first id theft reported to XXXX XXXX police and they said nothing they could do - most common crime in XXXX XXXX  - got no help -spent XXXX months visiting bank and putting credit back together ) Many rounds of id thefts since then. Last year, after XXXX months of stolen or missing/lost ( never \" found '' ) mail at my family 's holiday shared address in XXXX XXXX  ( XXXX XXXX and reported to USPS in XXXX XXXX also, had stolen XXXX checkbook stolen in summer XXXX from XXXX XXXX  address during credit fraud and other violent crime in XXXX XXXX ) Most recently, got fraudulent letters XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX ) asking for \" collection payments '' from Citibank on a loan of up to $ XXXX XXXX ( which is also less then my credit line on that card ( they never replaced or stole ) makes no sense. Knew they were fraud ( b/c I have never gotten a loan and I never got my replacement card after my card expired in XX/XX/XXXX - probably b/c of the stolen mail. But, did respond ( to fraud collection notice ) in case to report the stolen mail from last summer and re the rounds of identity thefts I have been targeted for since XXXX in XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX and XXXX. I did report suspected identity theft online, in person, and on my Citi Mastercard repeatedly ( starting again ) in XXXX Spring and summer to Citi branches in XXXX XXXX and XXXX and to hotels security who I suspected someone might be aiding the id theft ( in fall/winter XXXX and XXXX XXXX XXXX ) and before my working credit card expired in XX/XX/XXXX - they refused to replace my card and in desperation I used my earned miles I had accrued over time ( instead ) - thinking it would help me hold on to my identity ( in some way ) anyway and ( at least ) save my miles from the thieves while they stole my credit ( again ). And, I have no other credit card. But, the new card that usually arrives ( before your old one expires ) never arrived and I discovered the stolen mail in XXXX ( instead ) .. Each time I was targeted and replaced my card ( over the years )- I was experiencing other threats/ crimes like being physically harassed, been a target of violence, defamation, isolation, and theft and property crime, tampered drinks ( or for example - 5-6 attempted staged car accidents/ a few successful in XXXX XXXX for identity theft XXXX XXXX is a well known written up crimes from the XXXX XXXX XXXX ( it XXXX XXXX XXXX I stopped leasing/ driving XXXX tried many times to get clarity from my car dealerships in northern and southern ca about the id thefts and related crimes on the cars/ had no car during covid b/c same reasons ) Most recently, on my XXXX XXXX XXXX ( for flying single engine planes ) XXXX XX/XX/XXXX - fraudulent info was reported on XXXX of my eyes XXXX before sending me for second or third opinion when I knew it sounded fishy ) - a bogus XXXX and bogus diagnosis ( fraud ) was drawn like cartoon - am wondering if this relates ( is a surgery/injury they have ) to someone who was/is using my stolen credit card and identity ( or was using my identity in XXXX ) and wanted to hold on to my identity? Makes me wonder what other lies have XXXX spun by the identity thieves?! Have continued to try to get my replacement credit card ( post mail fraud and stolen mail ) from Citibank and Citi Mastercard by phone and in person ( in Northern ca and southern ca ). STILL NO CREDIT CARD REPLACEMENT YET - almost a year of trying!!!? WHERE is my credit card and the credit I earned with Citibank since XXXX? I believe ( not a fact ) these are criminal gangs doing these crimes ( men and women ) .I have been using cash waiting for my replacement card. RIDICULOUS. Had to flee my old apartment in XXXX b/c of street and id crime at the end of covid. Same apartment where they had illegally forwarded my ( financial/property/insurance ) mail to another house on same street ( during covid - mailman I knew alerted me/ fixed it ). Many more crimes that I believe are related that occurred in XXXX ( at my old apartment address before end of lease in XX/XX/XXXX ) crimes happening at property or near before/ during/ after covid."
}

Chunk:
( instead ).. each time i was targeted and replaced my card ( over the years ) - i was experiencing other threats / crimes like being physically harassed, been a target of violence, defamation, isolation, and theft and property crime, tampered drinks ( or for example - 5 - 6 attempted staged car accidents / a few successful in xxxx xxxx for identity theft xxxx xxxx is a well known written up crimes from the xxxx xxxx xxxx ( it xxxx xxxx xxxx i stopped leasing / driving xxxx tried many times to get clarity from my car dealerships in northern and southern ca about the id thefts and related crimes on the cars / had no car during covid b / c same reasons ) most recently, on my xxxx xxxx xxxx ( for flying single engine planes ) xxxx xx / xx / xxxx - fraudulent info was reported on xxxx of my eyes xxxx before sending me for second or third opinion when i knew it sounded fishy ) - a bogus xxxx and bogus diagnosis ( fraud ) was drawn like cartoon - am wondering if this relates ( is a surgery / injury they have ) to someone who was / is using my stolen credit card and identity ( or was using my identity in xxxx ) and wanted to hold on to my identity? makes me wonder what other lies have xxxx spun by the identity thieves?! have continued to try to get my replacement credit card ( post mail fraud and stolen mail ) from citibank and citi mastercard by phone and in person ( in northern ca and southern ca ). still no credit card replacement yet - almost a year of trying!!!? where is my credit card and the credit i earned with citibank since xxxx? i believe ( not a fact ) these are criminal gangs doing these crimes ( men and women ). i have been using cash waiting for my replacement card. ridiculous. had to flee my old apartment in xxxx b / c of street and id crime at the end of covid. same apartment where they had illegally forwarded my ( financial / property / insurance ) mail to another house on same street ( during covid - mailman i knew alerted me / fixed it ). many more crimes that i believe are related that occurred in xxxx ( at my old apartment address before end of lease in xx / xx / xxxx ) crimes happening at property or near before / during / after covid.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9986991882324219
}
