Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9114913,
  "complaint_id": "9114913",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "With Discover Bank, I have a credit card that suffered heavy fraudulent charges. First claim of charges was in XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX with multiple charges that totaled {$2100.00}. These were made by the same fraudulent merchant named XXXX XXXX XXXX  and my device alert never notified me that these transactions were made. Even though it alerted me to other transactions that I was aware of. I noticed these charges were made when I opened my Discover Bank App and I immediately reported it afterward. The agent proceeded to replace my card and issue me credit for it. Trusting the bank would take care of this, I activated my new card once I received it. Well in XX/XX/XXXX, multiple charges from the same merchant once again popped on my account. These totaled {$3400.00}. Once I called and reported it to the agent they once again replaced the card and issued me credit for it. During XXXX of these multiple calls, the agent told me that there was an additional \" token '' open on the device. Once I confirmed it was not familiar, they removed it. However, when they initially sent a new card they also transferred the new information over to the fraudulent merchant. This negligence allowed the fraudulent merchant to once again charge my card in XXXX for {$3400.00}. This information was shared by the Discover agent and I expressed my disappointment in their negligence. Hesitant to re-activate it, I wanted a bit, after a couple of days passed by Discover reached out and asked me about a police report. Surprised by their seemingly targeting approach I submitted a police report. The police detective did not reach any conclusions on the case and did not provide any helpful feedback. In XXXX, there was another fraudulent charge of {$4500.00} made by another merchant called XXXX XXXX. Having called again to report this made me lose complete trust in the bank. Having talked to dozens of agents and being met with a targeting response of \" you are being held liable as there is not enough evidence on the case '' is truly frustrating. Only XXXX Discover agent provided me with details on the case and shared some of the merchant details. Despite this, Discover agents keep advising me to submit additional information and I keep asking them to provide it. I don't know any of the merchants, thus I don't have any of their contact information. They claim they did an investigation but I am not being provided with the details that allowed the decision on this case to be made. I attempted to contact the managers of the addresses in the XXXX. charges but I'm being met with resistance and lack of answers. Discover Bank publicly advertises that consumers are not liable for charges they did not commit, however, they are making me liable for {$10000.00} ( plus interest fees ) for fraudulent charges without sharing the details of the evidence provided. I have expressed my cooperation to help with the investigation if I can get in contact with a lead XXXX or board of investigators but I am being told I will not be able to reach them directly. I keep leaving voicemails to the police detective and I have not received any response. I never lost the card and it was always in my secured possession. How is it possible that charges were being made in-person in Arizona or New York when I reside in a state that is not even remotely close to it? I would appreciate any help to situate this problem as I should not be liable for charges I did not commit even when I took reasonable care of my card. There is no default setting of the system declining a major fraudulent transaction or sending a notification to approve the charge or not, at least in my case. This sort of system could have greatly prevented this situation. I have been put on multiple callback lists for a supervisor every moment I call the line. I am currently waiting to get in contact with a supervisor and the XXXX XXXXXXXX to review further the evidence examined in the case. I elected to use Discover Bank partly due to fraud charges liability policy ; protecting consumers from charges they did not commit. Considering the outcomes of this situation, I feel betrayed and disappointed in their banking practices. I am seeking a refund on the fraudulent charges to resolve this case.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "32174",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "DISCOVER BANK",
  "date_received": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "With Discover Bank, I have a credit card that suffered heavy fraudulent charges. First claim of charges was in XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX with multiple charges that totaled {$2100.00}. These were made by the same fraudulent merchant named XXXX XXXX XXXX  and my device alert never notified me that these transactions were made. Even though it alerted me to other transactions that I was aware of. I noticed these charges were made when I opened my Discover Bank App and I immediately reported it afterward. The agent proceeded to replace my card and issue me credit for it. Trusting the bank would take care of this, I activated my new card once I received it. Well in XX/XX/XXXX, multiple charges from the same merchant once again popped on my account. These totaled {$3400.00}. Once I called and reported it to the agent they once again replaced the card and issued me credit for it. During XXXX of these multiple calls, the agent told me that there was an additional \" token '' open on the device. Once I confirmed it was not familiar, they removed it. However, when they initially sent a new card they also transferred the new information over to the fraudulent merchant. This negligence allowed the fraudulent merchant to once again charge my card in XXXX for {$3400.00}. This information was shared by the Discover agent and I expressed my disappointment in their negligence. Hesitant to re-activate it, I wanted a bit, after a couple of days passed by Discover reached out and asked me about a police report. Surprised by their seemingly targeting approach I submitted a police report. The police detective did not reach any conclusions on the case and did not provide any helpful feedback. In XXXX, there was another fraudulent charge of {$4500.00} made by another merchant called XXXX XXXX. Having called again to report this made me lose complete trust in the bank. Having talked to dozens of agents and being met with a targeting response of \" you are being held liable as there is not enough evidence on the case '' is truly frustrating. Only XXXX Discover agent provided me with details on the case and shared some of the merchant details. Despite this, Discover agents keep advising me to submit additional information and I keep asking them to provide it. I don't know any of the merchants, thus I don't have any of their contact information. They claim they did an investigation but I am not being provided with the details that allowed the decision on this case to be made. I attempted to contact the managers of the addresses in the XXXX. charges but I'm being met with resistance and lack of answers. Discover Bank publicly advertises that consumers are not liable for charges they did not commit, however, they are making me liable for {$10000.00} ( plus interest fees ) for fraudulent charges without sharing the details of the evidence provided. I have expressed my cooperation to help with the investigation if I can get in contact with a lead XXXX or board of investigators but I am being told I will not be able to reach them directly. I keep leaving voicemails to the police detective and I have not received any response. I never lost the card and it was always in my secured possession. How is it possible that charges were being made in-person in Arizona or New York when I reside in a state that is not even remotely close to it? I would appreciate any help to situate this problem as I should not be liable for charges I did not commit even when I took reasonable care of my card. There is no default setting of the system declining a major fraudulent transaction or sending a notification to approve the charge or not, at least in my case. This sort of system could have greatly prevented this situation. I have been put on multiple callback lists for a supervisor every moment I call the line. I am currently waiting to get in contact with a supervisor and the XXXX XXXXXXXX to review further the evidence examined in the case. I elected to use Discover Bank partly due to fraud charges liability policy ; protecting consumers from charges they did not commit. Considering the outcomes of this situation, I feel betrayed and disappointed in their banking practices. I am seeking a refund on the fraudulent charges to resolve this case."
}

Chunk:
details that allowed the decision on this case to be made. i attempted to contact the managers of the addresses in the xxxx. charges but i'm being met with resistance and lack of answers. discover bank publicly advertises that consumers are not liable for charges they did not commit, however, they are making me liable for { $ 10000. 00 } ( plus interest fees ) for fraudulent charges without sharing the details of the evidence provided. i have expressed my cooperation to help with the investigation if i can get in contact with a lead xxxx or board of investigators but i am being told i will not be able to reach them directly. i keep leaving voicemails to the police detective and i have not received any response. i never lost the card and it was always in my secured possession. how is it possible that charges were being made in - person in arizona or new york when i reside in a state that is not even remotely close to it? i would appreciate any help to situate this problem as i should not be liable for charges i did not commit even when i took reasonable care of my card. there is no default setting of the system declining a major fraudulent transaction or sending a notification to approve the charge or not, at least in my case. this sort of system could have greatly prevented this situation. i have been put on multiple callback lists for a supervisor every moment i call the line. i am currently waiting to get in contact with a supervisor and the xxxx xxxxxxxx to review further the evidence examined in the case. i elected to use discover bank partly due to fraud charges liability policy ; protecting consumers from charges they did not commit. considering the outcomes of this situation, i feel betrayed and disappointed in their banking practices. i am seeking a refund on the fraudulent charges to resolve this case.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990721940994263
}
