Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9494861,
  "complaint_id": "9494861",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. \nXXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, NJ XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX XX/XX/year> Barclays Bank Delaware Credit Dispute Department XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX, DE XXXX Dear XXXX, Subject : Follow-Up on Dispute of Inaccurate Credit Report Information Underage Account Thank you for your response dated XX/XX/year>, regarding my dispute of the Barclays View Mastercard account XXXX in XXXX. \n\nI am writing to reiterate my position that the account was opened illegally while I was under the age of XXXX without a cosigner and without the means to independently make payments. \n\nAccording to the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act ( CARD Act ) and Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) guidelines, specific requirements must be met when issuing a credit card to individuals under the age of XXXX. The CARD Act mandates that individuals under the age of XXXX must either demonstrate an independent source of funds sufficient to repay any debts incurred with the credit card or have a parent or another person who is at least XXXX XXXX XXXX cosign the credit card. Here is a direct reference to the policy for your convenience : The CARD Act requires people under age XXXX to have a parent or other person who is at least XXXX XXXX XXXX cosign the credit card if they cant demonstrate an independent source of funds sufficient to repay any debts incurred with the credit card. \n\nAt the time this account was opened, I was under the age of XXXX and did not have a cosigner nor the means to independently make payments, which clearly violates both the CARD Act and CFPB regulations. Therefore, the account should never have been approved, and its presence on my credit report is erroneous and damaging. \n\nThank you for your prompt attention to this matter. I look forward to your swift resolution of this issue. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. \n\nEnclosures : - Previous Correspondence Copy of Identification",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "07050",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-07-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Their investigation did not fix an error on your report",
  "text": "XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. \nXXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, NJ XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX XX/XX/year> Barclays Bank Delaware Credit Dispute Department XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX, DE XXXX Dear XXXX, Subject : Follow-Up on Dispute of Inaccurate Credit Report Information Underage Account Thank you for your response dated XX/XX/year>, regarding my dispute of the Barclays View Mastercard account XXXX in XXXX. \n\nI am writing to reiterate my position that the account was opened illegally while I was under the age of XXXX without a cosigner and without the means to independently make payments. \n\nAccording to the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act ( CARD Act ) and Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) guidelines, specific requirements must be met when issuing a credit card to individuals under the age of XXXX. The CARD Act mandates that individuals under the age of XXXX must either demonstrate an independent source of funds sufficient to repay any debts incurred with the credit card or have a parent or another person who is at least XXXX XXXX XXXX cosign the credit card. Here is a direct reference to the policy for your convenience : The CARD Act requires people under age XXXX to have a parent or other person who is at least XXXX XXXX XXXX cosign the credit card if they cant demonstrate an independent source of funds sufficient to repay any debts incurred with the credit card. \n\nAt the time this account was opened, I was under the age of XXXX and did not have a cosigner nor the means to independently make payments, which clearly violates both the CARD Act and CFPB regulations. Therefore, the account should never have been approved, and its presence on my credit report is erroneous and damaging. \n\nThank you for your prompt attention to this matter. I look forward to your swift resolution of this issue. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. \n\nEnclosures : - Previous Correspondence Copy of Identification"
}

Chunk:
xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx. xxxx xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx xxxx, nj xxxx xxxx ( xxxx ) xxxx xx / xx / year > barclays bank delaware credit dispute department xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, de xxxx dear xxxx, subject : follow - up on dispute of inaccurate credit report information underage account thank you for your response dated xx / xx / year >, regarding my dispute of the barclays view mastercard account xxxx in xxxx. i am writing to reiterate my position that the account was opened illegally while i was under the age of xxxx without a cosigner and without the means to independently make payments. according to the credit card accountability responsibility and disclosure act ( card act ) and consumer financial protection bureau ( cfpb ) guidelines, specific requirements must be met when issuing a credit card to individuals under the age of xxxx. the card act mandates that individuals under the age of xxxx must either demonstrate an independent source of funds sufficient to repay any debts incurred with the credit card or have a parent or another person who is at least xxxx xxxx xxxx cosign the credit card. here is a direct reference to the policy for your convenience : the card act requires people under age xxxx to have a parent or other person who is at least xxxx xxxx xxxx cosign the credit card if they cant demonstrate an independent source of funds sufficient to repay any debts incurred with the credit card. at the time this account was opened, i was under the age of xxxx and did not have a cosigner nor the means to independently make payments, which clearly violates both the card act and cfpb regulations. therefore, the account should never have been approved, and its presence on my credit report is erroneous and damaging. thank you for your prompt attention to this matter. i look forward to your swift resolution of this issue. sincerely, xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx. enclosures : - previous correspondence copy of identification

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9977015852928162
}
