Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9021008,
  "complaint_id": "9021008",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On a few different days in mid XXXX, I and an authorized account manager tried multiple times to file a price protection claim online at XXXX website, but each time I received an error message that read Sorry, this card does not have any benefits registered. This was despite the fact that when I was applying for the card, price protection ( among several other protection benefits ) were advertised. In addition, the benefits booklet that was mailed to me along with the card reconfirmed the protection benefits that the card had and described their terms and conditions. After not being able to file the claim online, the business account manager contacted the card benefit services phone line but they could not see any benefit associated with my card either. They said they will investigate and fix this problem, and will call back to let us file the claim. I was contacted a few days after and was informed that the problem has not been fixed yet. Upon trying to file a claim online, the problem has not been fixed as of today.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Add-on products and services",
  "text": "On a few different days in mid XXXX, I and an authorized account manager tried multiple times to file a price protection claim online at XXXX website, but each time I received an error message that read Sorry, this card does not have any benefits registered. This was despite the fact that when I was applying for the card, price protection ( among several other protection benefits ) were advertised. In addition, the benefits booklet that was mailed to me along with the card reconfirmed the protection benefits that the card had and described their terms and conditions. After not being able to file the claim online, the business account manager contacted the card benefit services phone line but they could not see any benefit associated with my card either. They said they will investigate and fix this problem, and will call back to let us file the claim. I was contacted a few days after and was informed that the problem has not been fixed yet. Upon trying to file a claim online, the problem has not been fixed as of today."
}

Chunk:
on a few different days in mid xxxx, i and an authorized account manager tried multiple times to file a price protection claim online at xxxx website, but each time i received an error message that read sorry, this card does not have any benefits registered. this was despite the fact that when i was applying for the card, price protection ( among several other protection benefits ) were advertised. in addition, the benefits booklet that was mailed to me along with the card reconfirmed the protection benefits that the card had and described their terms and conditions. after not being able to file the claim online, the business account manager contacted the card benefit services phone line but they could not see any benefit associated with my card either. they said they will investigate and fix this problem, and will call back to let us file the claim. i was contacted a few days after and was informed that the problem has not been fixed yet. upon trying to file a claim online, the problem has not been fixed as of today.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993728995323181
}
