Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9197408,
  "complaint_id": "9197408",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Charge was made for a XXXX hotel. I never stayed at a XXXX hotel. I disputed the charge with Chase, and they asked me to provide proof that I stayed at a different property. I provided photo proof. They then told me to provide proof that I left my wallet in my room. Of course that is impossible. They then told me to provide cctv proof that the person that swiped the card was not me. There is no contact info for XXXX - again impossible. They then asked me to get a member of hotel staff in another country to admit to the theft of my card. Again impossible. Case was closed and I was rebilled for the charge. \n\nThe whole point of using a card is to be protected from unauthorized charges like this. I've never had a bank so flagrantly unhelpful and unsupportive as this. XXXX XXXX was disrespectful and frequently spoke over me. XXXX made me wonder why the heck I do any business with a company who treats their customers this way.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "23322",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "VA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Charge was made for a XXXX hotel. I never stayed at a XXXX hotel. I disputed the charge with Chase, and they asked me to provide proof that I stayed at a different property. I provided photo proof. They then told me to provide proof that I left my wallet in my room. Of course that is impossible. They then told me to provide cctv proof that the person that swiped the card was not me. There is no contact info for XXXX - again impossible. They then asked me to get a member of hotel staff in another country to admit to the theft of my card. Again impossible. Case was closed and I was rebilled for the charge. \n\nThe whole point of using a card is to be protected from unauthorized charges like this. I've never had a bank so flagrantly unhelpful and unsupportive as this. XXXX XXXX was disrespectful and frequently spoke over me. XXXX made me wonder why the heck I do any business with a company who treats their customers this way."
}

Chunk:
charge was made for a xxxx hotel. i never stayed at a xxxx hotel. i disputed the charge with chase, and they asked me to provide proof that i stayed at a different property. i provided photo proof. they then told me to provide proof that i left my wallet in my room. of course that is impossible. they then told me to provide cctv proof that the person that swiped the card was not me. there is no contact info for xxxx - again impossible. they then asked me to get a member of hotel staff in another country to admit to the theft of my card. again impossible. case was closed and i was rebilled for the charge. the whole point of using a card is to be protected from unauthorized charges like this. i've never had a bank so flagrantly unhelpful and unsupportive as this. xxxx xxxx was disrespectful and frequently spoke over me. xxxx made me wonder why the heck i do any business with a company who treats their customers this way.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.998018741607666
}
