Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9044619,
  "complaint_id": "9044619",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Me and my wife called into Amex to get our cash advance pin with customer service and they sent a link ... To the email to obtain the pin... While on phone she asked if I wanted to be an authorized user so I said yes... They got my info and ran my credit and approved me... We hung up and used the login link for the cash advance pin and it doesn't work... Called back and spoke to many different people... They told us because we called into get the pin as instructed by customer service who switched the call over to cash advance people... The cash advance portion of the credit card would be locked for 60 days... I was furious because I don't want to be on a credit card that can't use the cash advance aspect but more importantly they impacted my credit and I feel unethically did the bait and switch... I would like to pursue monetary compensation for the rude person on the line and negatively impacting my credit ... Is this the correct place to go? I need help. Thank you so much... I'm not good at articulating what happened in writing so I would prefer to speak to someone on phone...",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "92584",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with cash advances",
  "text": "Me and my wife called into Amex to get our cash advance pin with customer service and they sent a link ... To the email to obtain the pin... While on phone she asked if I wanted to be an authorized user so I said yes... They got my info and ran my credit and approved me... We hung up and used the login link for the cash advance pin and it doesn't work... Called back and spoke to many different people... They told us because we called into get the pin as instructed by customer service who switched the call over to cash advance people... The cash advance portion of the credit card would be locked for 60 days... I was furious because I don't want to be on a credit card that can't use the cash advance aspect but more importantly they impacted my credit and I feel unethically did the bait and switch... I would like to pursue monetary compensation for the rude person on the line and negatively impacting my credit ... Is this the correct place to go? I need help. Thank you so much... I'm not good at articulating what happened in writing so I would prefer to speak to someone on phone..."
}

Chunk:
me and my wife called into amex to get our cash advance pin with customer service and they sent a link... to the email to obtain the pin... while on phone she asked if i wanted to be an authorized user so i said yes... they got my info and ran my credit and approved me... we hung up and used the login link for the cash advance pin and it doesn't work... called back and spoke to many different people... they told us because we called into get the pin as instructed by customer service who switched the call over to cash advance people... the cash advance portion of the credit card would be locked for 60 days... i was furious because i don't want to be on a credit card that can't use the cash advance aspect but more importantly they impacted my credit and i feel unethically did the bait and switch... i would like to pursue monetary compensation for the rude person on the line and negatively impacting my credit... is this the correct place to go? i need help. thank you so much... i'm not good at articulating what happened in writing so i would prefer to speak to someone on phone...

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993927478790283
}
