Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9199320,
  "complaint_id": "9199320",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX Consumer Affairs : Hoping you can assist in resolving a booking issue. \nI booked a room through the XXXX web site at XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX for XXXX XXXX. Confirmation number XXXX received a confirmation email from ( I thought ) XXXX with the details. Plans changed and I cancelled the reservation shortly afterwards. \nAfter not seeing a credit for {$1100.00} on my credit card I called XXXX at which time I was told the reservation was non-refundable and made through XXXX. As there was no indication of any third party on any XXXX site or email I received I was quite surprised. \nXXXX personnel informed me I had to deal with XXXX to discuss a refund. ( Shame on me for not seeing, understanding the non-refundable small print. ) I have since contacted XXXX on the number provided by XXXX ( XXXX ). They do not have a listing of any booking. I also contacted my credit card company who gave me another number ( XXXX ) to contact but recordings on that number only give choices to book hotels. Another number ( XXXX ) appears on an email ( assumed was from XXXX ) but this number appears to be associated with XXXX. \nAs I feel I have been grossly misled by the XXXX web site and XXXX personnel have not provided me with a contact with whomever I can/should speak with I'm hoping you can best advise whom to get in contact with to discuss a refund or perhaps a credit for the above charge. \nLatest status : XXXX unable to assist as booking was via a third party. \nChase has replied that can not assist per their policy with XXXX. \nAlso put in a complaint with XXXX ( Case Number Reference : # XXXX ... .Thank you for contacting Customer XXXX XXXX A service XXXX has been assigned and will follow up with you as quickly as possible, pending research to your inquiry. ) and no one has followed up with me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "11570",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "XXXX Consumer Affairs : Hoping you can assist in resolving a booking issue. \nI booked a room through the XXXX web site at XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX for XXXX XXXX. Confirmation number XXXX received a confirmation email from ( I thought ) XXXX with the details. Plans changed and I cancelled the reservation shortly afterwards. \nAfter not seeing a credit for {$1100.00} on my credit card I called XXXX at which time I was told the reservation was non-refundable and made through XXXX. As there was no indication of any third party on any XXXX site or email I received I was quite surprised. \nXXXX personnel informed me I had to deal with XXXX to discuss a refund. ( Shame on me for not seeing, understanding the non-refundable small print. ) I have since contacted XXXX on the number provided by XXXX ( XXXX ). They do not have a listing of any booking. I also contacted my credit card company who gave me another number ( XXXX ) to contact but recordings on that number only give choices to book hotels. Another number ( XXXX ) appears on an email ( assumed was from XXXX ) but this number appears to be associated with XXXX. \nAs I feel I have been grossly misled by the XXXX web site and XXXX personnel have not provided me with a contact with whomever I can/should speak with I'm hoping you can best advise whom to get in contact with to discuss a refund or perhaps a credit for the above charge. \nLatest status : XXXX unable to assist as booking was via a third party. \nChase has replied that can not assist per their policy with XXXX. \nAlso put in a complaint with XXXX ( Case Number Reference : # XXXX ... .Thank you for contacting Customer XXXX XXXX A service XXXX has been assigned and will follow up with you as quickly as possible, pending research to your inquiry. ) and no one has followed up with me."
}

Chunk:
xxxx consumer affairs : hoping you can assist in resolving a booking issue. i booked a room through the xxxx web site at xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx on xx / xx / xxxx for xxxx xxxx. confirmation number xxxx received a confirmation email from ( i thought ) xxxx with the details. plans changed and i cancelled the reservation shortly afterwards. after not seeing a credit for { $ 1100. 00 } on my credit card i called xxxx at which time i was told the reservation was non - refundable and made through xxxx. as there was no indication of any third party on any xxxx site or email i received i was quite surprised. xxxx personnel informed me i had to deal with xxxx to discuss a refund. ( shame on me for not seeing, understanding the non - refundable small print. ) i have since contacted xxxx on the number provided by xxxx ( xxxx ). they do not have a listing of any booking. i also contacted my credit card company who gave me another number ( xxxx ) to contact but recordings on that number only give choices to book hotels. another number ( xxxx ) appears on an email ( assumed was from xxxx ) but this number appears to be associated with xxxx. as i feel i have been grossly misled by the xxxx web site and xxxx personnel have not provided me with a contact with whomever i can / should speak with i'm hoping you can best advise whom to get in contact with to discuss a refund or perhaps a credit for the above charge. latest status : xxxx unable to assist as booking was via a third party. chase has replied that can not assist per their policy with xxxx. also put in a complaint with xxxx ( case number reference : # xxxx.... thank you for contacting customer xxxx xxxx a service xxxx has been assigned and will follow up with you as quickly as possible, pending research to your inquiry. ) and no one has followed up with me.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992332458496094
}
