Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9233324,
  "complaint_id": "9233324",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "When made the first attempt to pay the card in full within the on time payment window it was denied due to using my XXXX XXXX account through XXXX. I was told to try the payments again with the card. I made XXXX more attempts to pay the card in full again each being denied this went on for a few weeks. Each person I spoke to didn't have any information or knowledge of what to do and just blamed the account I was using to pay and when I called XXXX they didn't receive the payment at all. \n\nFinally I just used XXXXXXXX XXXX to pay the balance. Luckily that went through and when I requested the late payment charges be returned and for them to take off the late payment that made my credit score go down over XXXX points they said no. You have to dispute. \n\nM & T told me to continue trying the payments which led to the payment being late. I was trying to pay off the entire balance it's not like I couldn't afford to pay it or the minimum. I made it clear to them what I was doing and I felt very discouraged with how I was treated. Now my credit has a late payment on it which I'm still in the process of disputing. \n\nI don't use this card and I never will again after this experience. I'm trying to pay down debt in order to buy a house and it's unfortunate that a large company like this is unable to resolve simple issues within their company. Now my house search is on hold due to there inexperienced staff and abilities to not resolve issues within their own company. \n\nHope this helps someone in the future",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "060XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "M&T BANK CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CT",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "When made the first attempt to pay the card in full within the on time payment window it was denied due to using my XXXX XXXX account through XXXX. I was told to try the payments again with the card. I made XXXX more attempts to pay the card in full again each being denied this went on for a few weeks. Each person I spoke to didn't have any information or knowledge of what to do and just blamed the account I was using to pay and when I called XXXX they didn't receive the payment at all. \n\nFinally I just used XXXXXXXX XXXX to pay the balance. Luckily that went through and when I requested the late payment charges be returned and for them to take off the late payment that made my credit score go down over XXXX points they said no. You have to dispute. \n\nM & T told me to continue trying the payments which led to the payment being late. I was trying to pay off the entire balance it's not like I couldn't afford to pay it or the minimum. I made it clear to them what I was doing and I felt very discouraged with how I was treated. Now my credit has a late payment on it which I'm still in the process of disputing. \n\nI don't use this card and I never will again after this experience. I'm trying to pay down debt in order to buy a house and it's unfortunate that a large company like this is unable to resolve simple issues within their company. Now my house search is on hold due to there inexperienced staff and abilities to not resolve issues within their own company. \n\nHope this helps someone in the future"
}

Chunk:
when made the first attempt to pay the card in full within the on time payment window it was denied due to using my xxxx xxxx account through xxxx. i was told to try the payments again with the card. i made xxxx more attempts to pay the card in full again each being denied this went on for a few weeks. each person i spoke to didn't have any information or knowledge of what to do and just blamed the account i was using to pay and when i called xxxx they didn't receive the payment at all. finally i just used xxxxxxxx xxxx to pay the balance. luckily that went through and when i requested the late payment charges be returned and for them to take off the late payment that made my credit score go down over xxxx points they said no. you have to dispute. m & t told me to continue trying the payments which led to the payment being late. i was trying to pay off the entire balance it's not like i couldn't afford to pay it or the minimum. i made it clear to them what i was doing and i felt very discouraged with how i was treated. now my credit has a late payment on it which i'm still in the process of disputing. i don't use this card and i never will again after this experience. i'm trying to pay down debt in order to buy a house and it's unfortunate that a large company like this is unable to resolve simple issues within their company. now my house search is on hold due to there inexperienced staff and abilities to not resolve issues within their own company. hope this helps someone in the future

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999518871307373
}
