Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9379506,
  "complaint_id": "9379506",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I had a Credit Card with Ollo Financial Services. Ally bought/took over XXXXllo Financial Services and I continually received emails that I didn't have anything to worry about my account, I wouldn't have to do anything, Ally would handle the changes. In XXXX, I expressed my concerns with Ally because : 1 ) In XXXX, XXXX, I had completed an interest fee balance transfer to Ollo, paying off a different credit card ( {$2200.00} ). When Ally took over my Ollo account, interest was charged on that balance transfer. I inquired with Ally about the interest being charged. In XXXX, XXXX, interest was charged on this balance transfer at a rate of 27.24 %, but Ollo previously indicated the interest rate on the balance transfer was 24.24 %. Ally failed to respond to my inquiry about the interest. \n\n2 ) I paid off my Ally credit card account because they ignored my inquiry, but believed I was being charged a fee to retain my account. I inquired with Ally about this as well at the same time ( but they never responded ). I do believe I was in error about them charging me a fee. \n\n3 ) My account has been in a \" HOLD '' status since Ally took over. I had automatic payments coming charged to this account by when Ally took over, those payment were declined because of this HOLD status. I also inquired about the HOLD status of my account since Ally had sent several emails that I had nothing to worry about, there was nothing I needed to do with my account, Ally was taking care of anything. But since they did not responded about the above, they also did not respond about this.\n\n4 ) My Ollo credit card does not work and I was never issued an Ally credit card. I also inquired about the status of a new card but no response on any of my concerns was just that, no response. \n\nI inquired again in late XX/XX/XXXX about these items and indicated to Ally that if they did not provide me with the details about my inquiries above, I would file a complaint with the CFPB. Ally responded with a letter that I could call them if I had concerns. I do not wish to call them. I tried calling when I first noticed the change to my interest rate and it was impossible to get hold of someone. I want a written detail ; how did they determine the interest on my balance transfer when I was an Ollo Customer? Why has my account been on hold since they took over my Ollo account and why were my auto-charges I set up declined? Why have they not provided me with a working credit card. \n\nI was very happy with my account with Ollo Financial Services, since Ally took over my account, I have not been able to use it or get answers from this company. Since I was led to believe there truly was nothing I needed to worry about, why has this turned into such a communication nightmare and why were changes made to my account that I was unaware of ( like being placed on an infinite HOLD ). \n\nI did not document my communication with Ally as thoroughly as I should have because I've never had a Credit Card company completely ignore me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "55305",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "ALLY FINANCIAL INC.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I had a Credit Card with Ollo Financial Services. Ally bought/took over XXXXllo Financial Services and I continually received emails that I didn't have anything to worry about my account, I wouldn't have to do anything, Ally would handle the changes. In XXXX, I expressed my concerns with Ally because : 1 ) In XXXX, XXXX, I had completed an interest fee balance transfer to Ollo, paying off a different credit card ( {$2200.00} ). When Ally took over my Ollo account, interest was charged on that balance transfer. I inquired with Ally about the interest being charged. In XXXX, XXXX, interest was charged on this balance transfer at a rate of 27.24 %, but Ollo previously indicated the interest rate on the balance transfer was 24.24 %. Ally failed to respond to my inquiry about the interest. \n\n2 ) I paid off my Ally credit card account because they ignored my inquiry, but believed I was being charged a fee to retain my account. I inquired with Ally about this as well at the same time ( but they never responded ). I do believe I was in error about them charging me a fee. \n\n3 ) My account has been in a \" HOLD '' status since Ally took over. I had automatic payments coming charged to this account by when Ally took over, those payment were declined because of this HOLD status. I also inquired about the HOLD status of my account since Ally had sent several emails that I had nothing to worry about, there was nothing I needed to do with my account, Ally was taking care of anything. But since they did not responded about the above, they also did not respond about this.\n\n4 ) My Ollo credit card does not work and I was never issued an Ally credit card. I also inquired about the status of a new card but no response on any of my concerns was just that, no response. \n\nI inquired again in late XX/XX/XXXX about these items and indicated to Ally that if they did not provide me with the details about my inquiries above, I would file a complaint with the CFPB. Ally responded with a letter that I could call them if I had concerns. I do not wish to call them. I tried calling when I first noticed the change to my interest rate and it was impossible to get hold of someone. I want a written detail ; how did they determine the interest on my balance transfer when I was an Ollo Customer? Why has my account been on hold since they took over my Ollo account and why were my auto-charges I set up declined? Why have they not provided me with a working credit card. \n\nI was very happy with my account with Ollo Financial Services, since Ally took over my account, I have not been able to use it or get answers from this company. Since I was led to believe there truly was nothing I needed to worry about, why has this turned into such a communication nightmare and why were changes made to my account that I was unaware of ( like being placed on an infinite HOLD ). \n\nI did not document my communication with Ally as thoroughly as I should have because I've never had a Credit Card company completely ignore me."
}

Chunk:
i had a credit card with ollo financial services. ally bought / took over xxxxllo financial services and i continually received emails that i didn't have anything to worry about my account, i wouldn't have to do anything, ally would handle the changes. in xxxx, i expressed my concerns with ally because : 1 ) in xxxx, xxxx, i had completed an interest fee balance transfer to ollo, paying off a different credit card ( { $ 2200. 00 } ). when ally took over my ollo account, interest was charged on that balance transfer. i inquired with ally about the interest being charged. in xxxx, xxxx, interest was charged on this balance transfer at a rate of 27. 24 %, but ollo previously indicated the interest rate on the balance transfer was 24. 24 %. ally failed to respond to my inquiry about the interest. 2 ) i paid off my ally credit card account because they ignored my inquiry, but believed i was being charged a fee to retain my account. i inquired with ally about this as well at the same time ( but they never responded ). i do believe i was in error about them charging me a fee. 3 ) my account has been in a " hold'' status since ally took over. i had automatic payments coming charged to this account by when ally took over, those payment were declined because of this hold status. i also inquired about the hold status of my account since ally had sent several emails that i had nothing to worry about, there was nothing i needed to do with my account, ally was taking care of anything. but since they did not responded about the above, they also did not respond about this. 4 ) my ollo credit card does not work and i was never issued an ally credit card. i also inquired about the status of a new card but no response on any of my concerns was just that, no response. i inquired again in late xx / xx / xxxx about these items and indicated to ally that if they did not provide me with the details about my inquiries above, i would file a complaint with the cfpb. ally responded with a letter that i could call them if i had concerns. i do not wish to call them. i tried calling when i first noticed the change to my interest rate and it was impossible to get hold of someone. i want a written detail ; how did they determine the interest on my balance transfer when i was an ollo customer? why has my account been

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9960447549819946
}
