Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9245452,
  "complaint_id": "9245452",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Its been over 3 months of me asking American Express to fix a payment Ive made on XX/XX/XXXX on a phone call with Amex agent and the payment was to be for XXXX but the agent out it on the wrong billing cycle so the system didnt put it for XXXX. I contacted them and was advised to not make XXXX payment as they would fix the issue so I made my regular payment in XXXX. \nIve been on over 30 calls with American Express and they promise resolution but dont fix it. Finally a couple weeks ago they refunded the amount saying they couldnt fix it and asked me to pay again, which I did. \nNow I got notification from my credit that American Express reported me as 30 days late payment when I never missed a payment. I talked with them again, over 3 hours on a call and they again say they have to open investigation and offered me no resolution. \nIve been dealing with this issue for 3 months. I got wrong information and empty promises of resolution every step of the way. Ive wasted hours at every call and now I have a negative credit report when I made all the payments that were asked of me?! I need Amex to remove this negative remarks form my credit immediately and give me an apology for this mess!",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "346XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "In progress",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "Its been over 3 months of me asking American Express to fix a payment Ive made on XX/XX/XXXX on a phone call with Amex agent and the payment was to be for XXXX but the agent out it on the wrong billing cycle so the system didnt put it for XXXX. I contacted them and was advised to not make XXXX payment as they would fix the issue so I made my regular payment in XXXX. \nIve been on over 30 calls with American Express and they promise resolution but dont fix it. Finally a couple weeks ago they refunded the amount saying they couldnt fix it and asked me to pay again, which I did. \nNow I got notification from my credit that American Express reported me as 30 days late payment when I never missed a payment. I talked with them again, over 3 hours on a call and they again say they have to open investigation and offered me no resolution. \nIve been dealing with this issue for 3 months. I got wrong information and empty promises of resolution every step of the way. Ive wasted hours at every call and now I have a negative credit report when I made all the payments that were asked of me?! I need Amex to remove this negative remarks form my credit immediately and give me an apology for this mess!"
}

Chunk:
its been over 3 months of me asking american express to fix a payment ive made on xx / xx / xxxx on a phone call with amex agent and the payment was to be for xxxx but the agent out it on the wrong billing cycle so the system didnt put it for xxxx. i contacted them and was advised to not make xxxx payment as they would fix the issue so i made my regular payment in xxxx. ive been on over 30 calls with american express and they promise resolution but dont fix it. finally a couple weeks ago they refunded the amount saying they couldnt fix it and asked me to pay again, which i did. now i got notification from my credit that american express reported me as 30 days late payment when i never missed a payment. i talked with them again, over 3 hours on a call and they again say they have to open investigation and offered me no resolution. ive been dealing with this issue for 3 months. i got wrong information and empty promises of resolution every step of the way. ive wasted hours at every call and now i have a negative credit report when i made all the payments that were asked of me?! i need amex to remove this negative remarks form my credit immediately and give me an apology for this mess!

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996428489685059
}
