Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9367605,
  "complaint_id": "9367605",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to formally request the removal of several hard inquiries from my credit report. Upon reviewing my credit report, I have noticed an unusually high number of hard inquiries, which I believe are negatively impacting my credit score and financial well-being. \n\nThe primary reason for this request is that many of these inquiries were either unauthorized or resulted from multiple inquiries for a single credit application. Additionally, some were made in error or without my explicit consent. As a responsible consumer, I understand the importance of maintaining a healthy credit report, and I am taking active steps to manage and improve my credit. \n\nThe presence of these numerous hard inquiries does not accurately reflect my creditworthiness or financial behavior. Their removal will not only provide a more accurate picture of my credit profile but also help me in obtaining necessary financial products and services to better manage my finances. \n\nI kindly request that you investigate these inquiries and remove any that are found to be unauthorized, erroneous, or redundant. Attached are the details of the specific inquiries I am contesting for your reference. \n\nThank you for your prompt attention to this matter. I appreciate your understanding and cooperation in helping me rectify this issue. Please feel free to contact me if you need any additional information or documentation. \n\nSincerely,",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "10457",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Application denied",
  "text": "I am writing to formally request the removal of several hard inquiries from my credit report. Upon reviewing my credit report, I have noticed an unusually high number of hard inquiries, which I believe are negatively impacting my credit score and financial well-being. \n\nThe primary reason for this request is that many of these inquiries were either unauthorized or resulted from multiple inquiries for a single credit application. Additionally, some were made in error or without my explicit consent. As a responsible consumer, I understand the importance of maintaining a healthy credit report, and I am taking active steps to manage and improve my credit. \n\nThe presence of these numerous hard inquiries does not accurately reflect my creditworthiness or financial behavior. Their removal will not only provide a more accurate picture of my credit profile but also help me in obtaining necessary financial products and services to better manage my finances. \n\nI kindly request that you investigate these inquiries and remove any that are found to be unauthorized, erroneous, or redundant. Attached are the details of the specific inquiries I am contesting for your reference. \n\nThank you for your prompt attention to this matter. I appreciate your understanding and cooperation in helping me rectify this issue. Please feel free to contact me if you need any additional information or documentation. \n\nSincerely,"
}

Chunk:
i am writing to formally request the removal of several hard inquiries from my credit report. upon reviewing my credit report, i have noticed an unusually high number of hard inquiries, which i believe are negatively impacting my credit score and financial well - being. the primary reason for this request is that many of these inquiries were either unauthorized or resulted from multiple inquiries for a single credit application. additionally, some were made in error or without my explicit consent. as a responsible consumer, i understand the importance of maintaining a healthy credit report, and i am taking active steps to manage and improve my credit. the presence of these numerous hard inquiries does not accurately reflect my creditworthiness or financial behavior. their removal will not only provide a more accurate picture of my credit profile but also help me in obtaining necessary financial products and services to better manage my finances. i kindly request that you investigate these inquiries and remove any that are found to be unauthorized, erroneous, or redundant. attached are the details of the specific inquiries i am contesting for your reference. thank you for your prompt attention to this matter. i appreciate your understanding and cooperation in helping me rectify this issue. please feel free to contact me if you need any additional information or documentation. sincerely,

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9903614521026611
}
