Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9117408,
  "complaint_id": "9117408",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX, I received an electronic letter from Synchrony Bank stating that they had received new information from XXXX that caused them to drop my credit limit from {$3000.00} to {$250.00}. I pulled all XXXX of my reports and found that nothing else had changed and no new negative reports had been made. I called XXXX as the letter from Synchrony instructed me to do and they advised me that they could not help me and their information was not showing what the letter reflected. They told me to call the card issuer instead. I called Synchrony Bank and they stated they could not explain the reasoning for their decision and could only open a dispute which would take a minimum of 60 days to resolve. Because of this action, mine and my partner 's overall FICO score have dropped significantly. I can not access dental care that I need promptly. And we are not able to purchase another vehicle now. We have absolutely no balance with Synchrony Bank and paid our card off in XXXX. I have one account in collections that has been there since XXXX, since before I even opened my account with Synchrony. Since opening my account with Synchrony, I have paid down my overall debt AND obtained a higher paying job. So I am not sure why the adverse action was taken and no one can give us an explanation.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "82001",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't increase or decrease your credit limit",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX, I received an electronic letter from Synchrony Bank stating that they had received new information from XXXX that caused them to drop my credit limit from {$3000.00} to {$250.00}. I pulled all XXXX of my reports and found that nothing else had changed and no new negative reports had been made. I called XXXX as the letter from Synchrony instructed me to do and they advised me that they could not help me and their information was not showing what the letter reflected. They told me to call the card issuer instead. I called Synchrony Bank and they stated they could not explain the reasoning for their decision and could only open a dispute which would take a minimum of 60 days to resolve. Because of this action, mine and my partner 's overall FICO score have dropped significantly. I can not access dental care that I need promptly. And we are not able to purchase another vehicle now. We have absolutely no balance with Synchrony Bank and paid our card off in XXXX. I have one account in collections that has been there since XXXX, since before I even opened my account with Synchrony. Since opening my account with Synchrony, I have paid down my overall debt AND obtained a higher paying job. So I am not sure why the adverse action was taken and no one can give us an explanation."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx, i received an electronic letter from synchrony bank stating that they had received new information from xxxx that caused them to drop my credit limit from { $ 3000. 00 } to { $ 250. 00 }. i pulled all xxxx of my reports and found that nothing else had changed and no new negative reports had been made. i called xxxx as the letter from synchrony instructed me to do and they advised me that they could not help me and their information was not showing what the letter reflected. they told me to call the card issuer instead. i called synchrony bank and they stated they could not explain the reasoning for their decision and could only open a dispute which would take a minimum of 60 days to resolve. because of this action, mine and my partner's overall fico score have dropped significantly. i can not access dental care that i need promptly. and we are not able to purchase another vehicle now. we have absolutely no balance with synchrony bank and paid our card off in xxxx. i have one account in collections that has been there since xxxx, since before i even opened my account with synchrony. since opening my account with synchrony, i have paid down my overall debt and obtained a higher paying job. so i am not sure why the adverse action was taken and no one can give us an explanation.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996856451034546
}
