Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9729272,
  "complaint_id": "9729272",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX, met with a Bank of America agent to gain access to my mother 's banking accounts as the acting power of attorney, with a durable financial power of attorney signed and notarized on XX/XX/XXXX. My XXXX is in a long term XXXX XXXX, admitted late XXXX of XXXX. I was told I would need a letter from the facility stating she is unable to manage her finances. She is in a progressed state of XXXX. I did not have that statement. As her checking, savings and credit card accounts are all with BofA, I asked about cancelling her credit card and if there was anyway interest could be suspended. I was told I could add my name to her account and that would give me the ability to speak with the credit card agents to manage the accounts. I agreed and added myself to the account. I later discovered my credit report is suffering due to it appears as my debt. That was not explained when I added my name to the account. I've worked hard to keep my credit in great shape, now it is dropping due to this. Is this legal? Can I get my information removed from the account? My mother is on XXXX. I try to pay what I can on her debts, but there is never enough left to make the minimum payment.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-08-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Credit monitoring or identity theft protection services",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "290XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-08-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "SC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with product or service terms changing",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX, met with a Bank of America agent to gain access to my mother 's banking accounts as the acting power of attorney, with a durable financial power of attorney signed and notarized on XX/XX/XXXX. My XXXX is in a long term XXXX XXXX, admitted late XXXX of XXXX. I was told I would need a letter from the facility stating she is unable to manage her finances. She is in a progressed state of XXXX. I did not have that statement. As her checking, savings and credit card accounts are all with BofA, I asked about cancelling her credit card and if there was anyway interest could be suspended. I was told I could add my name to her account and that would give me the ability to speak with the credit card agents to manage the accounts. I agreed and added myself to the account. I later discovered my credit report is suffering due to it appears as my debt. That was not explained when I added my name to the account. I've worked hard to keep my credit in great shape, now it is dropping due to this. Is this legal? Can I get my information removed from the account? My mother is on XXXX. I try to pay what I can on her debts, but there is never enough left to make the minimum payment."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx, met with a bank of america agent to gain access to my mother's banking accounts as the acting power of attorney, with a durable financial power of attorney signed and notarized on xx / xx / xxxx. my xxxx is in a long term xxxx xxxx, admitted late xxxx of xxxx. i was told i would need a letter from the facility stating she is unable to manage her finances. she is in a progressed state of xxxx. i did not have that statement. as her checking, savings and credit card accounts are all with bofa, i asked about cancelling her credit card and if there was anyway interest could be suspended. i was told i could add my name to her account and that would give me the ability to speak with the credit card agents to manage the accounts. i agreed and added myself to the account. i later discovered my credit report is suffering due to it appears as my debt. that was not explained when i added my name to the account. i've worked hard to keep my credit in great shape, now it is dropping due to this. is this legal? can i get my information removed from the account? my mother is on xxxx. i try to pay what i can on her debts, but there is never enough left to make the minimum payment.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9987271428108215
}
