Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9041544,
  "complaint_id": "9041544",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX, I had payments to this credit card returned due to insufficient balance on the originating account, as I have multiple bank accounts with varying balances. I quickly resolved both by sending payments from alternate accounts before any late fees incurred. Without any prior notice, on XX/XX/XXXX, credit karma informed me that the account had been closed. My balance was XXXX at the time of closure. In the mail yesterday I received a letter that said it was closed due to the number of dishonored payments on this account. I believe I should have received a warning before this action was taken, especially as I immediately corrected both errors and was never delinquent. I have a very high credit score and have always been a responsible credit holder, it should be clear that these XXXX errors arent indicative of intent to refuse payment later. I have a steady income that I can prove. This surprise closure has resulted in a severe credit score drop not proportionate to the issue at hand, and I would greatly appreciate if steps could be taken to reopen the account.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "77008",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX, I had payments to this credit card returned due to insufficient balance on the originating account, as I have multiple bank accounts with varying balances. I quickly resolved both by sending payments from alternate accounts before any late fees incurred. Without any prior notice, on XX/XX/XXXX, credit karma informed me that the account had been closed. My balance was XXXX at the time of closure. In the mail yesterday I received a letter that said it was closed due to the number of dishonored payments on this account. I believe I should have received a warning before this action was taken, especially as I immediately corrected both errors and was never delinquent. I have a very high credit score and have always been a responsible credit holder, it should be clear that these XXXX errors arent indicative of intent to refuse payment later. I have a steady income that I can prove. This surprise closure has resulted in a severe credit score drop not proportionate to the issue at hand, and I would greatly appreciate if steps could be taken to reopen the account."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx and xx / xx / xxxx, i had payments to this credit card returned due to insufficient balance on the originating account, as i have multiple bank accounts with varying balances. i quickly resolved both by sending payments from alternate accounts before any late fees incurred. without any prior notice, on xx / xx / xxxx, credit karma informed me that the account had been closed. my balance was xxxx at the time of closure. in the mail yesterday i received a letter that said it was closed due to the number of dishonored payments on this account. i believe i should have received a warning before this action was taken, especially as i immediately corrected both errors and was never delinquent. i have a very high credit score and have always been a responsible credit holder, it should be clear that these xxxx errors arent indicative of intent to refuse payment later. i have a steady income that i can prove. this surprise closure has resulted in a severe credit score drop not proportionate to the issue at hand, and i would greatly appreciate if steps could be taken to reopen the account.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9742164611816406
}
