Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9531222,
  "complaint_id": "9531222",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My card was locked while I was making purchase due to a fraud detection alert. When I called in to confirm the charges were valid, Citi, doing their standard account verification procedures refused to verify me through the various methods they have in the past, including phone number, credit card number, checking account info, sms message confirmation, and other methods I have used in the past. The only way they agreed to verify me was through a letter sent in the mail with a reference number I could use to call in and confirm to finally gain access to my account to unlock it. Besides that this is very inconvenenient, and that they've forced me to do this multiple times, leading me to not have access to my card days at a time, they also have not even sent this letter for over a week leaving me with a locked card and no purchasing power. Please help them unlock my card and prevent them from mistreating me like this in the future, so I could have access to my card I righfully own without having it unfairly restricted from me for weeks at a time. Thank you.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "11230",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "My card was locked while I was making purchase due to a fraud detection alert. When I called in to confirm the charges were valid, Citi, doing their standard account verification procedures refused to verify me through the various methods they have in the past, including phone number, credit card number, checking account info, sms message confirmation, and other methods I have used in the past. The only way they agreed to verify me was through a letter sent in the mail with a reference number I could use to call in and confirm to finally gain access to my account to unlock it. Besides that this is very inconvenenient, and that they've forced me to do this multiple times, leading me to not have access to my card days at a time, they also have not even sent this letter for over a week leaving me with a locked card and no purchasing power. Please help them unlock my card and prevent them from mistreating me like this in the future, so I could have access to my card I righfully own without having it unfairly restricted from me for weeks at a time. Thank you."
}

Chunk:
my card was locked while i was making purchase due to a fraud detection alert. when i called in to confirm the charges were valid, citi, doing their standard account verification procedures refused to verify me through the various methods they have in the past, including phone number, credit card number, checking account info, sms message confirmation, and other methods i have used in the past. the only way they agreed to verify me was through a letter sent in the mail with a reference number i could use to call in and confirm to finally gain access to my account to unlock it. besides that this is very inconvenenient, and that they've forced me to do this multiple times, leading me to not have access to my card days at a time, they also have not even sent this letter for over a week leaving me with a locked card and no purchasing power. please help them unlock my card and prevent them from mistreating me like this in the future, so i could have access to my card i righfully own without having it unfairly restricted from me for weeks at a time. thank you.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992402791976929
}
