Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9067704,
  "complaint_id": "9067704",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My husband and I used our Chase sapphire credit card reward portal to book a rental car for our honeymoon in XXXX. The cost of the rental car for 7 days was {$120.00} or XXXX reward points. When we arrived at the XXXX airport XXXX desk to pick up our car, we were told by the sales agents that the car was not insured and the cost of car insurance was {$500.00}. Given the risks of driving without insurance, we opted to purchase the insurance after I spent some time trying to reach out to chase unsuccessfully ( international, time zone difference ). The cost of the rental car was not one we budgeted for and has put a significant strain on us financially. Once we arrived back home, I was able to look into the fine print a bit and realized a couple of issues. First, our credit card offered rental car insurance but they did not automatically remind us of this after the booking of our car. Secondly, they have a close relationship with XXXX who also must have known that we used rewards to book the car and that chase credit cards offer car insurance. This felt like a greatly fraudulent transaction where Chase gives us a \" reward '' without doing their due diligence to serve the customer and then XXXX reaps the benefit of tricking consumers into purchasing insurance that their credit card may have offered. This entire interaction feels completely disrespectful of the consumer and leaves me feeling taken advantage of and abused by Chase.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "070XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with rewards from credit card",
  "text": "My husband and I used our Chase sapphire credit card reward portal to book a rental car for our honeymoon in XXXX. The cost of the rental car for 7 days was {$120.00} or XXXX reward points. When we arrived at the XXXX airport XXXX desk to pick up our car, we were told by the sales agents that the car was not insured and the cost of car insurance was {$500.00}. Given the risks of driving without insurance, we opted to purchase the insurance after I spent some time trying to reach out to chase unsuccessfully ( international, time zone difference ). The cost of the rental car was not one we budgeted for and has put a significant strain on us financially. Once we arrived back home, I was able to look into the fine print a bit and realized a couple of issues. First, our credit card offered rental car insurance but they did not automatically remind us of this after the booking of our car. Secondly, they have a close relationship with XXXX who also must have known that we used rewards to book the car and that chase credit cards offer car insurance. This felt like a greatly fraudulent transaction where Chase gives us a \" reward '' without doing their due diligence to serve the customer and then XXXX reaps the benefit of tricking consumers into purchasing insurance that their credit card may have offered. This entire interaction feels completely disrespectful of the consumer and leaves me feeling taken advantage of and abused by Chase."
}

Chunk:
my husband and i used our chase sapphire credit card reward portal to book a rental car for our honeymoon in xxxx. the cost of the rental car for 7 days was { $ 120. 00 } or xxxx reward points. when we arrived at the xxxx airport xxxx desk to pick up our car, we were told by the sales agents that the car was not insured and the cost of car insurance was { $ 500. 00 }. given the risks of driving without insurance, we opted to purchase the insurance after i spent some time trying to reach out to chase unsuccessfully ( international, time zone difference ). the cost of the rental car was not one we budgeted for and has put a significant strain on us financially. once we arrived back home, i was able to look into the fine print a bit and realized a couple of issues. first, our credit card offered rental car insurance but they did not automatically remind us of this after the booking of our car. secondly, they have a close relationship with xxxx who also must have known that we used rewards to book the car and that chase credit cards offer car insurance. this felt like a greatly fraudulent transaction where chase gives us a " reward'' without doing their due diligence to serve the customer and then xxxx reaps the benefit of tricking consumers into purchasing insurance that their credit card may have offered. this entire interaction feels completely disrespectful of the consumer and leaves me feeling taken advantage of and abused by chase.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9973243474960327
}
