Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9011059,
  "complaint_id": "9011059",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Our firm has an account with American Express. In XXXX of XXXX we mailed a check in the amount of {$26000.00} to American Express in XXXX XXXX, Texas. The check was cashed and it cleared our account. American Express told us they could not find the check. \n\nWe contacted our bank and obtained copies of the front and back of the canceled check. The deposit information indicated that it was deposited in an account at XXXX XXXX. We contacted XXXX XXXX. XXXX XXXX confirmed that the funds were received by American Express. We provided the supporting information to American Express. On XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX XXXX in American Express ' Executive Office told me by telephone that the matter was resolved and that our account would be credited in the amount of {$26000.00}. The credit was initially applied and then, without any notice or explanation, the credit was reversed. \n\nWe continued to communicate with American Express and complied with their requests for additional information. We supplied duplicate copies of the canceled check, a letter from XXXX XXXX confirming that the funds were received by American Express, and copies of our bank statements showing that the funds had cleared our account. \n\nOn XX/XX/XXXX American Express asked us to fax a copy of a voided check so that they could confirm our account number and our bank 's routing number. We complied, faxed the requested information and sent a duplicate copy by email. The American Express representative ( XXXX ) told us that we would receive a temporary credit and that the matter would be resolved in about four weeks once our banking information had been confirmed. \n\nOn XX/XX/XXXX we attempted to use our American Express card. We were informed that our card was frozen. We checked online and confirmed that, contrary to American Express ' promise no credit had been provided. \n\nWe have made repeated, respectful requests to have American Express credit us for the amount that we paid in XXXX of XXXX. In each instance, American Express has assured us that the matter would be resolved and that we did not have to worry. Yet, they never follow through on their promises. It is undisputed that we made the payment and that American Express received the payment. We do not know why they refuse to credit our account for the amount of the payment and they have never provided a substantive explanation.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "96813",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "HI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "Our firm has an account with American Express. In XXXX of XXXX we mailed a check in the amount of {$26000.00} to American Express in XXXX XXXX, Texas. The check was cashed and it cleared our account. American Express told us they could not find the check. \n\nWe contacted our bank and obtained copies of the front and back of the canceled check. The deposit information indicated that it was deposited in an account at XXXX XXXX. We contacted XXXX XXXX. XXXX XXXX confirmed that the funds were received by American Express. We provided the supporting information to American Express. On XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX XXXX in American Express ' Executive Office told me by telephone that the matter was resolved and that our account would be credited in the amount of {$26000.00}. The credit was initially applied and then, without any notice or explanation, the credit was reversed. \n\nWe continued to communicate with American Express and complied with their requests for additional information. We supplied duplicate copies of the canceled check, a letter from XXXX XXXX confirming that the funds were received by American Express, and copies of our bank statements showing that the funds had cleared our account. \n\nOn XX/XX/XXXX American Express asked us to fax a copy of a voided check so that they could confirm our account number and our bank 's routing number. We complied, faxed the requested information and sent a duplicate copy by email. The American Express representative ( XXXX ) told us that we would receive a temporary credit and that the matter would be resolved in about four weeks once our banking information had been confirmed. \n\nOn XX/XX/XXXX we attempted to use our American Express card. We were informed that our card was frozen. We checked online and confirmed that, contrary to American Express ' promise no credit had been provided. \n\nWe have made repeated, respectful requests to have American Express credit us for the amount that we paid in XXXX of XXXX. In each instance, American Express has assured us that the matter would be resolved and that we did not have to worry. Yet, they never follow through on their promises. It is undisputed that we made the payment and that American Express received the payment. We do not know why they refuse to credit our account for the amount of the payment and they have never provided a substantive explanation."
}

Chunk:
our firm has an account with american express. in xxxx of xxxx we mailed a check in the amount of { $ 26000. 00 } to american express in xxxx xxxx, texas. the check was cashed and it cleared our account. american express told us they could not find the check. we contacted our bank and obtained copies of the front and back of the canceled check. the deposit information indicated that it was deposited in an account at xxxx xxxx. we contacted xxxx xxxx. xxxx xxxx confirmed that the funds were received by american express. we provided the supporting information to american express. on xx / xx / xxxx, xxxx xxxx in american express'executive office told me by telephone that the matter was resolved and that our account would be credited in the amount of { $ 26000. 00 }. the credit was initially applied and then, without any notice or explanation, the credit was reversed. we continued to communicate with american express and complied with their requests for additional information. we supplied duplicate copies of the canceled check, a letter from xxxx xxxx confirming that the funds were received by american express, and copies of our bank statements showing that the funds had cleared our account. on xx / xx / xxxx american express asked us to fax a copy of a voided check so that they could confirm our account number and our bank's routing number. we complied, faxed the requested information and sent a duplicate copy by email. the american express representative ( xxxx ) told us that we would receive a temporary credit and that the matter would be resolved in about four weeks once our banking information had been confirmed. on xx / xx / xxxx we attempted to use our american express card. we were informed that our card was frozen. we checked online and confirmed that, contrary to american express'promise no credit had been provided. we have made repeated, respectful requests to have american express credit us for the amount that we paid in xxxx of xxxx. in each instance, american express has assured us that the matter would be resolved and that we did not have to worry. yet, they never follow through on their promises. it is undisputed that we made the payment and that american express received the payment. we do not know why they refuse to credit our account for the amount of the payment and they have never provided a substantive explanation.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9974871873855591
}
