Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9121991,
  "complaint_id": "9121991",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am a XXXX XXXX. I had a XXXX XXXX scheduled for late XX/XX/year>. My XXXX  suggested I apply to CareCredit. I applied for CareCredit to get a promotional one-time offer of a no interest loan so that I could pay my one-time XXXX charge. \n\nInstead, CareCredit opened a high interest Mastercard credit card for me without my permission or knowledge. I called CareCredit on XX/XX/year> to complain about this and ask for an explanation. I found it was nearly impossible to reach a real person because of their automated system. When I finally reached a real person, our phone call was disconnected twice. I am skeptical that these disconnections were accidental. After I called back a third time, I finally got a management person. This manager admitted that CareCredit 'automatically upgrades ' applicants to a MasterCard rewards card for those who have good credit. He said that is what happened in my case. \n\nI told the manager that I had not applied for a MasterCard, nor did I want one. I also told him I found this to be an extremely deceptive business practice and asked him to immediately cancel this new card. He tried repeatedly to get me to agree to keep the card but I refused. He eventually agreed to cancel this new card but now my credit rating will take a hit for both the hard inquiry when I applied for the card, and now another hit because I closed the card. I will never use this company again for anything.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "28412",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "I am a XXXX XXXX. I had a XXXX XXXX scheduled for late XX/XX/year>. My XXXX  suggested I apply to CareCredit. I applied for CareCredit to get a promotional one-time offer of a no interest loan so that I could pay my one-time XXXX charge. \n\nInstead, CareCredit opened a high interest Mastercard credit card for me without my permission or knowledge. I called CareCredit on XX/XX/year> to complain about this and ask for an explanation. I found it was nearly impossible to reach a real person because of their automated system. When I finally reached a real person, our phone call was disconnected twice. I am skeptical that these disconnections were accidental. After I called back a third time, I finally got a management person. This manager admitted that CareCredit 'automatically upgrades ' applicants to a MasterCard rewards card for those who have good credit. He said that is what happened in my case. \n\nI told the manager that I had not applied for a MasterCard, nor did I want one. I also told him I found this to be an extremely deceptive business practice and asked him to immediately cancel this new card. He tried repeatedly to get me to agree to keep the card but I refused. He eventually agreed to cancel this new card but now my credit rating will take a hit for both the hard inquiry when I applied for the card, and now another hit because I closed the card. I will never use this company again for anything."
}

Chunk:
i am a xxxx xxxx. i had a xxxx xxxx scheduled for late xx / xx / year >. my xxxx suggested i apply to carecredit. i applied for carecredit to get a promotional one - time offer of a no interest loan so that i could pay my one - time xxxx charge. instead, carecredit opened a high interest mastercard credit card for me without my permission or knowledge. i called carecredit on xx / xx / year > to complain about this and ask for an explanation. i found it was nearly impossible to reach a real person because of their automated system. when i finally reached a real person, our phone call was disconnected twice. i am skeptical that these disconnections were accidental. after i called back a third time, i finally got a management person. this manager admitted that carecredit'automatically upgrades'applicants to a mastercard rewards card for those who have good credit. he said that is what happened in my case. i told the manager that i had not applied for a mastercard, nor did i want one. i also told him i found this to be an extremely deceptive business practice and asked him to immediately cancel this new card. he tried repeatedly to get me to agree to keep the card but i refused. he eventually agreed to cancel this new card but now my credit rating will take a hit for both the hard inquiry when i applied for the card, and now another hit because i closed the card. i will never use this company again for anything.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993045330047607
}
