Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9607393,
  "complaint_id": "9607393",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "When I attempted to use my card on XX/XX/XXXX at a coffee shop XXXX XXXX XXXX and it declined. Then I used my other credit card with them which was declined as well. I immediately contacted BOA customer service and I was informed that both accounts were closed. I did not authorize or request this. I contacted customer service by phone and they gave me a different phone number for billing then billing said that a different department handles this and gave me a different phone number. Everyone I spoke to on the phone confirmed that all my payments were made on time so they didn't know why the cards would be closed. I was not informed in advance or afterwards why the accounts were closed. I could not get a hold of the number that was provided and they stated that they sent out a letter but I never received one. They agreed that my payments were made in time and could not provide a lawful reason on why the accounts were closed. I informed BOA that they need to perform their fiduciary duty and open they accounts. They refused ansbarated that they can not do this.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "89014",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-07-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NV",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "When I attempted to use my card on XX/XX/XXXX at a coffee shop XXXX XXXX XXXX and it declined. Then I used my other credit card with them which was declined as well. I immediately contacted BOA customer service and I was informed that both accounts were closed. I did not authorize or request this. I contacted customer service by phone and they gave me a different phone number for billing then billing said that a different department handles this and gave me a different phone number. Everyone I spoke to on the phone confirmed that all my payments were made on time so they didn't know why the cards would be closed. I was not informed in advance or afterwards why the accounts were closed. I could not get a hold of the number that was provided and they stated that they sent out a letter but I never received one. They agreed that my payments were made in time and could not provide a lawful reason on why the accounts were closed. I informed BOA that they need to perform their fiduciary duty and open they accounts. They refused ansbarated that they can not do this."
}

Chunk:
when i attempted to use my card on xx / xx / xxxx at a coffee shop xxxx xxxx xxxx and it declined. then i used my other credit card with them which was declined as well. i immediately contacted boa customer service and i was informed that both accounts were closed. i did not authorize or request this. i contacted customer service by phone and they gave me a different phone number for billing then billing said that a different department handles this and gave me a different phone number. everyone i spoke to on the phone confirmed that all my payments were made on time so they didn't know why the cards would be closed. i was not informed in advance or afterwards why the accounts were closed. i could not get a hold of the number that was provided and they stated that they sent out a letter but i never received one. they agreed that my payments were made in time and could not provide a lawful reason on why the accounts were closed. i informed boa that they need to perform their fiduciary duty and open they accounts. they refused ansbarated that they can not do this.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991363883018494
}
