Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9221802,
  "complaint_id": "9221802",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I started a Care Credit account when I had XXXX XXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX. I had setup auto pay using my checking account. Each month I would receive a call saying my payment was declined and processed the payment online with the same auto call using my checking account on the phone which is the same I use for auto pay. I logged into my account today and saw that Synchrony is charging me each month a late fee even though I am using the same bank account information they provide on the call. I called customer service to make them aware of this and they refused to refund any of my late charges.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "80906",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CO",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I started a Care Credit account when I had XXXX XXXXXXXX in XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX. I had setup auto pay using my checking account. Each month I would receive a call saying my payment was declined and processed the payment online with the same auto call using my checking account on the phone which is the same I use for auto pay. I logged into my account today and saw that Synchrony is charging me each month a late fee even though I am using the same bank account information they provide on the call. I called customer service to make them aware of this and they refused to refund any of my late charges."
}

Chunk:
i started a care credit account when i had xxxx xxxxxxxx in xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx. i had setup auto pay using my checking account. each month i would receive a call saying my payment was declined and processed the payment online with the same auto call using my checking account on the phone which is the same i use for auto pay. i logged into my account today and saw that synchrony is charging me each month a late fee even though i am using the same bank account information they provide on the call. i called customer service to make them aware of this and they refused to refund any of my late charges.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9987624883651733
}
