Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9190853,
  "complaint_id": "9190853",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/2023, I requested my Capital One credit card be cancelled because of a chance of it being compromised. At the same time, I requested a new card be issued to me. After waiting for over a month for the card ( which never came ), I called Capital One to find out why it was taking so long. I was instructed by a customer representative ( a different one each time I called who was hard to understand because of a language barrier ) I needed to send proof of my address using a copy of my driver 's license to prove I was who I said I was as well as my address. When I called to follow up on the status of when I'd recieve my card, I was repeatedly told that my driver 's license was a blurred copy and to send another copy. This has been going on since XX/XX/2023. Each time I corresponded with them, I would be given a different case number. I'm still paying my Capital One bill each month- that seems to make it to my mailbox with no problems at all even though I don't have the benefit of using the card in emergencies. I'm a XXXX XXXX XXXX on a limited income. This is taking a toll on me-please help me resolve this issue.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "397XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MS",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "On XX/XX/2023, I requested my Capital One credit card be cancelled because of a chance of it being compromised. At the same time, I requested a new card be issued to me. After waiting for over a month for the card ( which never came ), I called Capital One to find out why it was taking so long. I was instructed by a customer representative ( a different one each time I called who was hard to understand because of a language barrier ) I needed to send proof of my address using a copy of my driver 's license to prove I was who I said I was as well as my address. When I called to follow up on the status of when I'd recieve my card, I was repeatedly told that my driver 's license was a blurred copy and to send another copy. This has been going on since XX/XX/2023. Each time I corresponded with them, I would be given a different case number. I'm still paying my Capital One bill each month- that seems to make it to my mailbox with no problems at all even though I don't have the benefit of using the card in emergencies. I'm a XXXX XXXX XXXX on a limited income. This is taking a toll on me-please help me resolve this issue."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / 2023, i requested my capital one credit card be cancelled because of a chance of it being compromised. at the same time, i requested a new card be issued to me. after waiting for over a month for the card ( which never came ), i called capital one to find out why it was taking so long. i was instructed by a customer representative ( a different one each time i called who was hard to understand because of a language barrier ) i needed to send proof of my address using a copy of my driver's license to prove i was who i said i was as well as my address. when i called to follow up on the status of when i'd recieve my card, i was repeatedly told that my driver's license was a blurred copy and to send another copy. this has been going on since xx / xx / 2023. each time i corresponded with them, i would be given a different case number. i'm still paying my capital one bill each month - that seems to make it to my mailbox with no problems at all even though i don't have the benefit of using the card in emergencies. i'm a xxxx xxxx xxxx on a limited income. this is taking a toll on me - please help me resolve this issue.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9969039559364319
}
