Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9112522,
  "complaint_id": "9112522",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My wife and I have been trying to make a payment to our Amazon Store Card via Synchrony Bank. In order to make a payment, Synchrony requests that I set up a phone number to be used in conjunction with our payment, which we did. Now we have a new phone number. We have asked them at least 5 times to update the phone number associated with our account. Once, the phone number was changed. But the next time we wanted to make a payment, Synchrony had changed the phone number back to the old, defunct number. This morning my wife spent 2 hours both on the phone with Synchrony as well as using Amazon 's chat function. No one answers any questions nor provides any advice ; my wife was basically just on hold for 1 hour. The chat function was also useless with regards to our question. Without being able to update our phone number, or reach anyone who can provide advice, we will not be able to make a payment and will be charged interest on our bill ( which we can pay ).",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "20814",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MD",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "My wife and I have been trying to make a payment to our Amazon Store Card via Synchrony Bank. In order to make a payment, Synchrony requests that I set up a phone number to be used in conjunction with our payment, which we did. Now we have a new phone number. We have asked them at least 5 times to update the phone number associated with our account. Once, the phone number was changed. But the next time we wanted to make a payment, Synchrony had changed the phone number back to the old, defunct number. This morning my wife spent 2 hours both on the phone with Synchrony as well as using Amazon 's chat function. No one answers any questions nor provides any advice ; my wife was basically just on hold for 1 hour. The chat function was also useless with regards to our question. Without being able to update our phone number, or reach anyone who can provide advice, we will not be able to make a payment and will be charged interest on our bill ( which we can pay )."
}

Chunk:
my wife and i have been trying to make a payment to our amazon store card via synchrony bank. in order to make a payment, synchrony requests that i set up a phone number to be used in conjunction with our payment, which we did. now we have a new phone number. we have asked them at least 5 times to update the phone number associated with our account. once, the phone number was changed. but the next time we wanted to make a payment, synchrony had changed the phone number back to the old, defunct number. this morning my wife spent 2 hours both on the phone with synchrony as well as using amazon's chat function. no one answers any questions nor provides any advice ; my wife was basically just on hold for 1 hour. the chat function was also useless with regards to our question. without being able to update our phone number, or reach anyone who can provide advice, we will not be able to make a payment and will be charged interest on our bill ( which we can pay ).

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9997902512550354
}
