Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9049056,
  "complaint_id": "9049056",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I applied for and received a truist credit card with a 0 % promotional rate for 12 months. When I set up the auto pay for some reason it didn't pay the minimum amount for the first payment and I received a late fee and lost my promotional rate. As soon as Truist contracted me I corrected the auto pay and paid the due amount and set up auto pay with their help. They admitted that its confusing because they have a card account to pay or the main corporate account to pay. One account was showing no balance and the other was showing a balance. I asked because of the confusion in setting it up if they would reinstate my promotional offer as that was the reason for getting the card and they said no and I believe the new rate they would take me to is XXXX which I think is unfair considering they know there billing process is confusing.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "190XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "I applied for and received a truist credit card with a 0 % promotional rate for 12 months. When I set up the auto pay for some reason it didn't pay the minimum amount for the first payment and I received a late fee and lost my promotional rate. As soon as Truist contracted me I corrected the auto pay and paid the due amount and set up auto pay with their help. They admitted that its confusing because they have a card account to pay or the main corporate account to pay. One account was showing no balance and the other was showing a balance. I asked because of the confusion in setting it up if they would reinstate my promotional offer as that was the reason for getting the card and they said no and I believe the new rate they would take me to is XXXX which I think is unfair considering they know there billing process is confusing."
}

Chunk:
i applied for and received a truist credit card with a 0 % promotional rate for 12 months. when i set up the auto pay for some reason it didn't pay the minimum amount for the first payment and i received a late fee and lost my promotional rate. as soon as truist contracted me i corrected the auto pay and paid the due amount and set up auto pay with their help. they admitted that its confusing because they have a card account to pay or the main corporate account to pay. one account was showing no balance and the other was showing a balance. i asked because of the confusion in setting it up if they would reinstate my promotional offer as that was the reason for getting the card and they said no and i believe the new rate they would take me to is xxxx which i think is unfair considering they know there billing process is confusing.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996709823608398
}
