Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9063727,
  "complaint_id": "9063727",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to formally complain about a profoundly disappointing and frustrating experience I had with your customer service on XX/XX/XXXX, at XXXX XXXX ET. I contacted your team to discuss the possibility of downgrading my credit card to avoid an annual fee that had been charged to my account. Regrettably, not only was my request denied, but the handling of my call was completely unacceptable. \n\nI was transferred to a supervisor named XXXX, who was dismissive and uncooperative throughout our conversation. Despite my attempts to obtain more information about whom I was speaking with, XXXX provided no further details and insisted on rushing through the call. Her constant interruptions and evident disinterest in assisting me were unprofessional and disrespectful. \n\nRepeatedly, XXXX talked over me, repeating the same unhelpful information and refusing to consider any solutions that could assist me or preserve our customer relationship. When I requested to be transferred to her manager, hoping for a resolution, she flatly refused and continued to speak over me. Even after I politely asked her to stop interrupting and allow me to finish my sentences, she persisted. The call ended abruptly when she hung up on me as I was about to request the closure of all four of my Chase accountsa decision I was considering due to the poor service. \n\nI am appalled by the audacity and rudeness displayed by your customer service representative. Such behavior is not only inappropriate but also harmful to the trust and loyalty I have placed in Chase over the years. I am still shocked by the lack of courtesy and professionalism, which has led me to reconsider my relationship with your bank. \n\nI expect a formal apology and a reconsideration of my initial request to downgrade my card without the annual fee. Furthermore, I would like assurance that this feedback will be used to prevent similar experiences for other customers in the future. \n\nThank you for your immediate attention to this matter. I look forward to your prompt response.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "07094",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I am writing to formally complain about a profoundly disappointing and frustrating experience I had with your customer service on XX/XX/XXXX, at XXXX XXXX ET. I contacted your team to discuss the possibility of downgrading my credit card to avoid an annual fee that had been charged to my account. Regrettably, not only was my request denied, but the handling of my call was completely unacceptable. \n\nI was transferred to a supervisor named XXXX, who was dismissive and uncooperative throughout our conversation. Despite my attempts to obtain more information about whom I was speaking with, XXXX provided no further details and insisted on rushing through the call. Her constant interruptions and evident disinterest in assisting me were unprofessional and disrespectful. \n\nRepeatedly, XXXX talked over me, repeating the same unhelpful information and refusing to consider any solutions that could assist me or preserve our customer relationship. When I requested to be transferred to her manager, hoping for a resolution, she flatly refused and continued to speak over me. Even after I politely asked her to stop interrupting and allow me to finish my sentences, she persisted. The call ended abruptly when she hung up on me as I was about to request the closure of all four of my Chase accountsa decision I was considering due to the poor service. \n\nI am appalled by the audacity and rudeness displayed by your customer service representative. Such behavior is not only inappropriate but also harmful to the trust and loyalty I have placed in Chase over the years. I am still shocked by the lack of courtesy and professionalism, which has led me to reconsider my relationship with your bank. \n\nI expect a formal apology and a reconsideration of my initial request to downgrade my card without the annual fee. Furthermore, I would like assurance that this feedback will be used to prevent similar experiences for other customers in the future. \n\nThank you for your immediate attention to this matter. I look forward to your prompt response."
}

Chunk:
i am writing to formally complain about a profoundly disappointing and frustrating experience i had with your customer service on xx / xx / xxxx, at xxxx xxxx et. i contacted your team to discuss the possibility of downgrading my credit card to avoid an annual fee that had been charged to my account. regrettably, not only was my request denied, but the handling of my call was completely unacceptable. i was transferred to a supervisor named xxxx, who was dismissive and uncooperative throughout our conversation. despite my attempts to obtain more information about whom i was speaking with, xxxx provided no further details and insisted on rushing through the call. her constant interruptions and evident disinterest in assisting me were unprofessional and disrespectful. repeatedly, xxxx talked over me, repeating the same unhelpful information and refusing to consider any solutions that could assist me or preserve our customer relationship. when i requested to be transferred to her manager, hoping for a resolution, she flatly refused and continued to speak over me. even after i politely asked her to stop interrupting and allow me to finish my sentences, she persisted. the call ended abruptly when she hung up on me as i was about to request the closure of all four of my chase accountsa decision i was considering due to the poor service. i am appalled by the audacity and rudeness displayed by your customer service representative. such behavior is not only inappropriate but also harmful to the trust and loyalty i have placed in chase over the years. i am still shocked by the lack of courtesy and professionalism, which has led me to reconsider my relationship with your bank. i expect a formal apology and a reconsideration of my initial request to downgrade my card without the annual fee. furthermore, i would like assurance that this feedback will be used to prevent similar experiences for other customers in the future. thank you for your immediate attention to this matter. i look forward to your prompt response.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992747902870178
}
