Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9156840,
  "complaint_id": "9156840",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I recently filed a formal complaint and received a response that was completely fabricated. Furthermore, I have experienced retaliation from the company after filing the initial complaint with my credit limit being decreased and adverse action even though a recent payment has been made. \n\nI will blast a bad name for this organization going forward and am appalled at how they treat customers and increase fees as they see fit. As a person with a XXXX level education, to the CFO of this company, not sure how you sleep at night knowing your company is the exact thing wrong with this country. Terrible display of corporate power to stomp on the little guys trying to stay above water.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "97603",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Mercury Financial Intermediate LLC",
  "date_received": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OR",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I recently filed a formal complaint and received a response that was completely fabricated. Furthermore, I have experienced retaliation from the company after filing the initial complaint with my credit limit being decreased and adverse action even though a recent payment has been made. \n\nI will blast a bad name for this organization going forward and am appalled at how they treat customers and increase fees as they see fit. As a person with a XXXX level education, to the CFO of this company, not sure how you sleep at night knowing your company is the exact thing wrong with this country. Terrible display of corporate power to stomp on the little guys trying to stay above water."
}

Chunk:
i recently filed a formal complaint and received a response that was completely fabricated. furthermore, i have experienced retaliation from the company after filing the initial complaint with my credit limit being decreased and adverse action even though a recent payment has been made. i will blast a bad name for this organization going forward and am appalled at how they treat customers and increase fees as they see fit. as a person with a xxxx level education, to the cfo of this company, not sure how you sleep at night knowing your company is the exact thing wrong with this country. terrible display of corporate power to stomp on the little guys trying to stay above water.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994342923164368
}
