Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9494816,
  "complaint_id": "9494816",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am trying to have a fraudulent transaction reviewed. US bank automatically closed my dispute without conducting any research. I have provided the requested information by both mail and fax via a local branch and have yet to hear about my dispute being looked into. I already provided all of the relevant information to an agent of the bank on a recorded line which was more than enough information to at least contact the merchant. I don't believe this bank is performing a due diligence when it comes to protecting their clients. I have worked in the credit card industry for 7 years now and US bank needs a full audit of their credit card disputes procedures as the handling of this request has been nothing short of negligent.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "U.S. BANCORP",
  "date_received": "2024-07-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "UT",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I am trying to have a fraudulent transaction reviewed. US bank automatically closed my dispute without conducting any research. I have provided the requested information by both mail and fax via a local branch and have yet to hear about my dispute being looked into. I already provided all of the relevant information to an agent of the bank on a recorded line which was more than enough information to at least contact the merchant. I don't believe this bank is performing a due diligence when it comes to protecting their clients. I have worked in the credit card industry for 7 years now and US bank needs a full audit of their credit card disputes procedures as the handling of this request has been nothing short of negligent."
}

Chunk:
i am trying to have a fraudulent transaction reviewed. us bank automatically closed my dispute without conducting any research. i have provided the requested information by both mail and fax via a local branch and have yet to hear about my dispute being looked into. i already provided all of the relevant information to an agent of the bank on a recorded line which was more than enough information to at least contact the merchant. i don't believe this bank is performing a due diligence when it comes to protecting their clients. i have worked in the credit card industry for 7 years now and us bank needs a full audit of their credit card disputes procedures as the handling of this request has been nothing short of negligent.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9985509514808655
}
