Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9362646,
  "complaint_id": "9362646",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I attempted to speak with XXXX representatives from Barclaycard XXXX XXXX. I also requested escalation. I provided multiple forms of my identity to confirm that my account was closed so that no fraudulent activity occurs on an unused card. This company would not address my issue without my confidential social security numbers. There are multiple ways to confirm my identify of which I provided all. They did not confirm that the account was closed. This is unacceptable that they would not protect my identify by making certain this card was closed. No one was willing to assist me. This should be investigated as another credit card company was able to to do this by confirming my identify in a variety of other methods. Social security numbers must be protected especially when off shore operators are utilized.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "15642",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't close your account",
  "text": "I attempted to speak with XXXX representatives from Barclaycard XXXX XXXX. I also requested escalation. I provided multiple forms of my identity to confirm that my account was closed so that no fraudulent activity occurs on an unused card. This company would not address my issue without my confidential social security numbers. There are multiple ways to confirm my identify of which I provided all. They did not confirm that the account was closed. This is unacceptable that they would not protect my identify by making certain this card was closed. No one was willing to assist me. This should be investigated as another credit card company was able to to do this by confirming my identify in a variety of other methods. Social security numbers must be protected especially when off shore operators are utilized."
}

Chunk:
i attempted to speak with xxxx representatives from barclaycard xxxx xxxx. i also requested escalation. i provided multiple forms of my identity to confirm that my account was closed so that no fraudulent activity occurs on an unused card. this company would not address my issue without my confidential social security numbers. there are multiple ways to confirm my identify of which i provided all. they did not confirm that the account was closed. this is unacceptable that they would not protect my identify by making certain this card was closed. no one was willing to assist me. this should be investigated as another credit card company was able to to do this by confirming my identify in a variety of other methods. social security numbers must be protected especially when off shore operators are utilized.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993057250976562
}
