Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9442375,
  "complaint_id": "9442375",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Synchrony Financial 's website ( https : //www.synchrony.com ) won't let me log in to make payments to my XXXX 's XXXX XXXX account. This has been going on for 2 weeks now. I have a new appliance that I purchased that I need to set up payment plans for because it is interest free for the first 12 months if the payments are made on time. I believe XXXX is not allowing me to access my account so that I won't make the payment on time and they can charge me interest. There are several complaints from other customers about the same thing in their reviews and their BBB profile. This company is intentionally trying to defraud customers by not allowing them to access their accounts online so that they can charge them interest. The interest is something ridiculous like 29 %. Synchrony Financial are a bunch of crooks.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "34997",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-07-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "Synchrony Financial 's website ( https : //www.synchrony.com ) won't let me log in to make payments to my XXXX 's XXXX XXXX account. This has been going on for 2 weeks now. I have a new appliance that I purchased that I need to set up payment plans for because it is interest free for the first 12 months if the payments are made on time. I believe XXXX is not allowing me to access my account so that I won't make the payment on time and they can charge me interest. There are several complaints from other customers about the same thing in their reviews and their BBB profile. This company is intentionally trying to defraud customers by not allowing them to access their accounts online so that they can charge them interest. The interest is something ridiculous like 29 %. Synchrony Financial are a bunch of crooks."
}

Chunk:
synchrony financial's website ( https : / / www. synchrony. com ) won't let me log in to make payments to my xxxx's xxxx xxxx account. this has been going on for 2 weeks now. i have a new appliance that i purchased that i need to set up payment plans for because it is interest free for the first 12 months if the payments are made on time. i believe xxxx is not allowing me to access my account so that i won't make the payment on time and they can charge me interest. there are several complaints from other customers about the same thing in their reviews and their bbb profile. this company is intentionally trying to defraud customers by not allowing them to access their accounts online so that they can charge them interest. the interest is something ridiculous like 29 %. synchrony financial are a bunch of crooks.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988804459571838
}
