Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9131848,
  "complaint_id": "9131848",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I Am Receiving a lot of Letters from Debt Collectors stating I owe a Debt with there Company. I Asked each Debt Collecting Agent to Validate this Alleged Debt On XXXX. They have not Responded or Validated the Alleged Debt. The Bureau submitted a letter to me stating That XXXX XXXX stated it wasnt Fraud. Or No Fraud Reporting. I Contacted the Fraud Department at XXXX XXXX. They stated they had No Information on Me. I filed a Theft Report with the FTC. This is Theft of my Identity My Data My Livelihood is being affected by these Companies I know nothing about. The FRCA and The FDCPA states the law is very Clear in Reporting false Information. I never gave anyone Permission to Report on my Consumer Report. And these Companies are Reporting on My Consumer Report still To Date No Change.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "43160",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Their investigation did not fix an error on your report",
  "text": "I Am Receiving a lot of Letters from Debt Collectors stating I owe a Debt with there Company. I Asked each Debt Collecting Agent to Validate this Alleged Debt On XXXX. They have not Responded or Validated the Alleged Debt. The Bureau submitted a letter to me stating That XXXX XXXX stated it wasnt Fraud. Or No Fraud Reporting. I Contacted the Fraud Department at XXXX XXXX. They stated they had No Information on Me. I filed a Theft Report with the FTC. This is Theft of my Identity My Data My Livelihood is being affected by these Companies I know nothing about. The FRCA and The FDCPA states the law is very Clear in Reporting false Information. I never gave anyone Permission to Report on my Consumer Report. And these Companies are Reporting on My Consumer Report still To Date No Change."
}

Chunk:
i am receiving a lot of letters from debt collectors stating i owe a debt with there company. i asked each debt collecting agent to validate this alleged debt on xxxx. they have not responded or validated the alleged debt. the bureau submitted a letter to me stating that xxxx xxxx stated it wasnt fraud. or no fraud reporting. i contacted the fraud department at xxxx xxxx. they stated they had no information on me. i filed a theft report with the ftc. this is theft of my identity my data my livelihood is being affected by these companies i know nothing about. the frca and the fdcpa states the law is very clear in reporting false information. i never gave anyone permission to report on my consumer report. and these companies are reporting on my consumer report still to date no change.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9980711340904236
}
