Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9001990,
  "complaint_id": "9001990",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/2024 at approximately XXXX XXXX  EST I went to a SUNCOAST CREDIT UNION BANK located at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, FL and spoke with a associate by the name of XXXX XXXX ( ID XXXX ) who is a member service advocate at SUNCOAST CREDIT UNION about a special deposit Tendered so settle the account for credit card they alleged I owed and agreed to pay the debt. I sent a special deposit money order by certified mail on XX/XX/2024. I received notice on XX/XX/2024 The money order was picked up and signed for but have not heard any response or update to my account balance to reflect the account being settled.I also agreed to pay on the condition they provide me with Verification/Validation of Alleged Debt. I was unable to receive the documents requested. I spoke with another representative on XX/XX/2024 at approximately XXXX XXXX  by the name of XXXX ( ID XXXX ), Member Escalation Analyst with Suncoast Credit Union. Who was unable to provide me with the documents demanded for proof of claim showing the binding contract between both SUNCOAST CREFIT UNION AND ME I also spoke with XXXX ( ID XXXX ) Research Department Suncoast Credit Union XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX | XXXX | XXXX, FL XXXX P XXXX | F XXXX and they were unable to provide me with the documents to 1. Validate/Verify the debt with the actual accounting for the contract, 2. Verification of claim showing the signed invoice, A copy of the contract finding both Suncoast credit Union and me in a letter certified mail so that there is a independent witness to it being delivered without prejudice. I was not provided for disclosure, equal consideration, lawful terms or conditions XXXX, wet in signature of both parties, being Suncoast, credit union and me. I have Tried calling and going in branch to get this account settled and resolved but out of all the member I have documented speaking to none have been able to provide me with the documents Demanded.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33618",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SUNCOAST CREDIT UNION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "On XX/XX/2024 at approximately XXXX XXXX  EST I went to a SUNCOAST CREDIT UNION BANK located at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, FL and spoke with a associate by the name of XXXX XXXX ( ID XXXX ) who is a member service advocate at SUNCOAST CREDIT UNION about a special deposit Tendered so settle the account for credit card they alleged I owed and agreed to pay the debt. I sent a special deposit money order by certified mail on XX/XX/2024. I received notice on XX/XX/2024 The money order was picked up and signed for but have not heard any response or update to my account balance to reflect the account being settled.I also agreed to pay on the condition they provide me with Verification/Validation of Alleged Debt. I was unable to receive the documents requested. I spoke with another representative on XX/XX/2024 at approximately XXXX XXXX  by the name of XXXX ( ID XXXX ), Member Escalation Analyst with Suncoast Credit Union. Who was unable to provide me with the documents demanded for proof of claim showing the binding contract between both SUNCOAST CREFIT UNION AND ME I also spoke with XXXX ( ID XXXX ) Research Department Suncoast Credit Union XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX | XXXX | XXXX, FL XXXX P XXXX | F XXXX and they were unable to provide me with the documents to 1. Validate/Verify the debt with the actual accounting for the contract, 2. Verification of claim showing the signed invoice, A copy of the contract finding both Suncoast credit Union and me in a letter certified mail so that there is a independent witness to it being delivered without prejudice. I was not provided for disclosure, equal consideration, lawful terms or conditions XXXX, wet in signature of both parties, being Suncoast, credit union and me. I have Tried calling and going in branch to get this account settled and resolved but out of all the member I have documented speaking to none have been able to provide me with the documents Demanded."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / 2024 at approximately xxxx xxxx est i went to a suncoast credit union bank located at xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx xxxx, fl and spoke with a associate by the name of xxxx xxxx ( id xxxx ) who is a member service advocate at suncoast credit union about a special deposit tendered so settle the account for credit card they alleged i owed and agreed to pay the debt. i sent a special deposit money order by certified mail on xx / xx / 2024. i received notice on xx / xx / 2024 the money order was picked up and signed for but have not heard any response or update to my account balance to reflect the account being settled. i also agreed to pay on the condition they provide me with verification / validation of alleged debt. i was unable to receive the documents requested. i spoke with another representative on xx / xx / 2024 at approximately xxxx xxxx by the name of xxxx ( id xxxx ), member escalation analyst with suncoast credit union. who was unable to provide me with the documents demanded for proof of claim showing the binding contract between both suncoast crefit union and me i also spoke with xxxx ( id xxxx ) research department suncoast credit union xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx | xxxx | xxxx, fl xxxx p xxxx | f xxxx and they were unable to provide me with the documents to 1. validate / verify the debt with the actual accounting for the contract, 2. verification of claim showing the signed invoice, a copy of the contract finding both suncoast credit union and me in a letter certified mail so that there is a independent witness to it being delivered without prejudice. i was not provided for disclosure, equal consideration, lawful terms or conditions xxxx, wet in signature of both parties, being suncoast, credit union and me. i have tried calling and going in branch to get this account settled and resolved but out of all the member i have documented speaking to none have been able to provide me with the documents demanded.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9985839128494263
}
