Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9222978,
  "complaint_id": "9222978",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX, my Military Star card, which had been opened since XXXX or XXXX of XXXX, and is importantly my oldest credit reported on my credit report, was closed, without warning or notice to me. On XX/XX/XXXX, I called Military Star card customer service and asked them why it was closed and if it could be reopened immediately. They told me it was closed due to inactivity, and that it could not be reopened immediately. If I wanted to reopen it, it would have to be after 90 days. \n\nI fear that if I wait 90 days to reopen it, it would show as a new account on my credit report and I no longer would have a XXXX account on my credit report. Having old credit accounts is beneficial in credit reporting and credit scoring. ( If you ask me, that's a form of age discrimination. ) While Military Star has a point that I had not used the credit card in a long time, I have had it for several years without ever being given notice of the repercussions of no activity. Even if they did not have my current email or mailing address, they did have my current phone number. Since Military Star customers are typically military people with little credit experience, it would have behooved Military Star to communicate with me via all means possible. \n\nMy name is XXXX XXXX. My social is XXXX. My phone number is ( XXXX ) XXXX. My current mailing address is XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, NY XXXX.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "11233",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Army and Air Force Exchange Service",
  "date_received": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX, my Military Star card, which had been opened since XXXX or XXXX of XXXX, and is importantly my oldest credit reported on my credit report, was closed, without warning or notice to me. On XX/XX/XXXX, I called Military Star card customer service and asked them why it was closed and if it could be reopened immediately. They told me it was closed due to inactivity, and that it could not be reopened immediately. If I wanted to reopen it, it would have to be after 90 days. \n\nI fear that if I wait 90 days to reopen it, it would show as a new account on my credit report and I no longer would have a XXXX account on my credit report. Having old credit accounts is beneficial in credit reporting and credit scoring. ( If you ask me, that's a form of age discrimination. ) While Military Star has a point that I had not used the credit card in a long time, I have had it for several years without ever being given notice of the repercussions of no activity. Even if they did not have my current email or mailing address, they did have my current phone number. Since Military Star customers are typically military people with little credit experience, it would have behooved Military Star to communicate with me via all means possible. \n\nMy name is XXXX XXXX. My social is XXXX. My phone number is ( XXXX ) XXXX. My current mailing address is XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, NY XXXX."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx, my military star card, which had been opened since xxxx or xxxx of xxxx, and is importantly my oldest credit reported on my credit report, was closed, without warning or notice to me. on xx / xx / xxxx, i called military star card customer service and asked them why it was closed and if it could be reopened immediately. they told me it was closed due to inactivity, and that it could not be reopened immediately. if i wanted to reopen it, it would have to be after 90 days. i fear that if i wait 90 days to reopen it, it would show as a new account on my credit report and i no longer would have a xxxx account on my credit report. having old credit accounts is beneficial in credit reporting and credit scoring. ( if you ask me, that's a form of age discrimination. ) while military star has a point that i had not used the credit card in a long time, i have had it for several years without ever being given notice of the repercussions of no activity. even if they did not have my current email or mailing address, they did have my current phone number. since military star customers are typically military people with little credit experience, it would have behooved military star to communicate with me via all means possible. my name is xxxx xxxx. my social is xxxx. my phone number is ( xxxx ) xxxx. my current mailing address is xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, ny xxxx.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.8868260979652405
}
