Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9424424,
  "complaint_id": "9424424",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX I made a transaction on my XXXX thank you credit card with a company name XXXX XXXX, in the amount for {$1000.00} upon making that transaction the next day a fraudulent charge came on my account from XXXX, I immediately contacted XXXX and the initial card was closed. The XXXX dollars transaction was transferred to the current card number. During that same time, I discovered I had Covid, at XXXX point I contacted XXXX XXXX Within a couple of days and notify them of my Covid status. XXXX XXXX  Advised me since my trip is purchased for XXXX year in advance because my departure date was supposed to be XX/XX/XXXX of XXXX that I had time not take the trip And if anything just give them a call back. After that initial conversation is been very difficult to reach someone at XXXX XXXX. Furthermore, two months later, I got into a car accident which would prevent me from taking any trips and I also had to undergo numerous surgeries within that year. I notified XXXX of my situation because I wanted a refund on my account. XXXX gave me the runaround wrong information and even made me put in a dispute for fraud when the dispute was supposed to be for transaction dispute not fraud. I have spoken to several representative from citybank about helping me dispute the XXXX XXXX  transaction, no one has taken due diligence to properly process my dispute, initially the dispute started XX/XX/XXXX after many calls and being disputed in the wrong department I saw that the transaction date for the dispute was changed to XX/XX/XXXX of XXXX. I provided every information and paperwork required by XXXX and they have never once contacted XXXX to properly dispute the transaction even though the date for my trip has not come up yet. I disputed the transaction before my trip would take place. I have a snapshot of reflecting that XXXX started my dispute with a dispute date of XX/XX/XXXX and today is XX/XX/XXXX and nothing has been done over the dispute. I have spoken to numerous branch managers branch representatives, who attempted to help but they couldnt do anything because the dispute department had no idea what to do, but the dispute department have failed to even issue me a credit while the dispute was Pending, they have done nothing every time you call. No one knows anything pertaining to the dispute but yet it is reflecting on my account as being an open dispute since XX/XX/XXXX. Furthermore, the scrupulous thing that has done by XXXX is only taking the information Ive provided them and pretending that information came from them, not understanding that all my emails information that I submitted to them or timestamp with the initial sender. XXXX XXXX  has not properly disputed my transaction with the company, not XXXX person was properly assigned to handle my dispute, Ive called numerous times to get a status on the dispute and all they say is that its still pending from the date of XX/XX/XXXX XXXX in XX/XX/XXXX I was advised it would take 3 months for the dispute to be resolved .. its now XX/XX/XXXX and no one kNOW exactly whats going on .. except telling me things that makes no sense. XXXX bank had told me to keep waiting for an answer, I have spoken to numerous supervisors. And not XXXX of them had been able to help me .. now they are saying I cant get a refund because its been to long. I had explained in the past several months, I have gotten into a car accidents, I had Covid, I had surgeries and those circumstances was not seen .. and all those papers were requested by XXXX and was provided.. I feel so humiliated constantly having to provide my medical records to XXXX employees that are not even medical professionals.. I have felt extremely violated by XXXX. No proper steps were taken to help me as the consumer.. they keep puposely asking for paper work and yet done nothing .. my trip was purchased ONE year in advance of my departure date, but yet XXXX XXXX  has told ME now, I can only dispute a transaction within 60 days, I explained as they can see with all the info I provided the trip was purchase a year in advanced I couldnt dispute something within 60days.. the company XXXX XXXX  HAVE BEEN DIFFICULT TO REACH, no one answers the phones. AND EVEN THEIR MESSAGES STATES THE PHONE WILL AUTOMATICALLY HANG UP ON YOU. And also to not leave message because they will not get the message.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "11717",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX I made a transaction on my XXXX thank you credit card with a company name XXXX XXXX, in the amount for {$1000.00} upon making that transaction the next day a fraudulent charge came on my account from XXXX, I immediately contacted XXXX and the initial card was closed. The XXXX dollars transaction was transferred to the current card number. During that same time, I discovered I had Covid, at XXXX point I contacted XXXX XXXX Within a couple of days and notify them of my Covid status. XXXX XXXX  Advised me since my trip is purchased for XXXX year in advance because my departure date was supposed to be XX/XX/XXXX of XXXX that I had time not take the trip And if anything just give them a call back. After that initial conversation is been very difficult to reach someone at XXXX XXXX. Furthermore, two months later, I got into a car accident which would prevent me from taking any trips and I also had to undergo numerous surgeries within that year. I notified XXXX of my situation because I wanted a refund on my account. XXXX gave me the runaround wrong information and even made me put in a dispute for fraud when the dispute was supposed to be for transaction dispute not fraud. I have spoken to several representative from citybank about helping me dispute the XXXX XXXX  transaction, no one has taken due diligence to properly process my dispute, initially the dispute started XX/XX/XXXX after many calls and being disputed in the wrong department I saw that the transaction date for the dispute was changed to XX/XX/XXXX of XXXX. I provided every information and paperwork required by XXXX and they have never once contacted XXXX to properly dispute the transaction even though the date for my trip has not come up yet. I disputed the transaction before my trip would take place. I have a snapshot of reflecting that XXXX started my dispute with a dispute date of XX/XX/XXXX and today is XX/XX/XXXX and nothing has been done over the dispute. I have spoken to numerous branch managers branch representatives, who attempted to help but they couldnt do anything because the dispute department had no idea what to do, but the dispute department have failed to even issue me a credit while the dispute was Pending, they have done nothing every time you call. No one knows anything pertaining to the dispute but yet it is reflecting on my account as being an open dispute since XX/XX/XXXX. Furthermore, the scrupulous thing that has done by XXXX is only taking the information Ive provided them and pretending that information came from them, not understanding that all my emails information that I submitted to them or timestamp with the initial sender. XXXX XXXX  has not properly disputed my transaction with the company, not XXXX person was properly assigned to handle my dispute, Ive called numerous times to get a status on the dispute and all they say is that its still pending from the date of XX/XX/XXXX XXXX in XX/XX/XXXX I was advised it would take 3 months for the dispute to be resolved .. its now XX/XX/XXXX and no one kNOW exactly whats going on .. except telling me things that makes no sense. XXXX bank had told me to keep waiting for an answer, I have spoken to numerous supervisors. And not XXXX of them had been able to help me .. now they are saying I cant get a refund because its been to long. I had explained in the past several months, I have gotten into a car accidents, I had Covid, I had surgeries and those circumstances was not seen .. and all those papers were requested by XXXX and was provided.. I feel so humiliated constantly having to provide my medical records to XXXX employees that are not even medical professionals.. I have felt extremely violated by XXXX. No proper steps were taken to help me as the consumer.. they keep puposely asking for paper work and yet done nothing .. my trip was purchased ONE year in advance of my departure date, but yet XXXX XXXX  has told ME now, I can only dispute a transaction within 60 days, I explained as they can see with all the info I provided the trip was purchase a year in advanced I couldnt dispute something within 60days.. the company XXXX XXXX  HAVE BEEN DIFFICULT TO REACH, no one answers the phones. AND EVEN THEIR MESSAGES STATES THE PHONE WILL AUTOMATICALLY HANG UP ON YOU. And also to not leave message because they will not get the message."
}

Chunk:
open dispute since xx / xx / xxxx. furthermore, the scrupulous thing that has done by xxxx is only taking the information ive provided them and pretending that information came from them, not understanding that all my emails information that i submitted to them or timestamp with the initial sender. xxxx xxxx has not properly disputed my transaction with the company, not xxxx person was properly assigned to handle my dispute, ive called numerous times to get a status on the dispute and all they say is that its still pending from the date of xx / xx / xxxx xxxx in xx / xx / xxxx i was advised it would take 3 months for the dispute to be resolved.. its now xx / xx / xxxx and no one know exactly whats going on.. except telling me things that makes no sense. xxxx bank had told me to keep waiting for an answer, i have spoken to numerous supervisors. and not xxxx of them had been able to help me.. now they are saying i cant get a refund because its been to long. i had explained in the past several months, i have gotten into a car accidents, i had covid, i had surgeries and those circumstances was not seen.. and all those papers were requested by xxxx and was provided.. i feel so humiliated constantly having to provide my medical records to xxxx employees that are not even medical professionals.. i have felt extremely violated by xxxx. no proper steps were taken to help me as the consumer.. they keep puposely asking for paper work and yet done nothing.. my trip was purchased one year in advance of my departure date, but yet xxxx xxxx has told me now, i can only dispute a transaction within 60 days, i explained as they can see with all the info i provided the trip was purchase a year in advanced i couldnt dispute something within 60days.. the company xxxx xxxx have been difficult to reach, no one answers the phones. and even their messages states the phone will automatically hang up on you. and also to not leave message because they will not get the message.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994646906852722
}
