Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9024753,
  "complaint_id": "9024753",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "According to Reg Z, 1026.53 Allocation of payments, the general rule is : the card issuer must allocate the excess amount first to the balance with the highest annual percentage rate and any remaining portion to the other balances in descending order based on the applicable annual percentage rate. After reviewing with servicing my last XXXX statements, it's very clear that the interest charges I've accrued have been incorrectly charged. Rather than allocating my payments to balances that are being charged my regular APR rate, they are being distributed across all of the \" plan '' balances that I have. The rest of the plan balances are not being charged any interest. \n\nThe statement is also not clear how these payments for each of my plans are being calculated. The way this is being done, it would mean that I would never pay off the balances in time.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "198XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "DE",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Charged too much interest",
  "text": "According to Reg Z, 1026.53 Allocation of payments, the general rule is : the card issuer must allocate the excess amount first to the balance with the highest annual percentage rate and any remaining portion to the other balances in descending order based on the applicable annual percentage rate. After reviewing with servicing my last XXXX statements, it's very clear that the interest charges I've accrued have been incorrectly charged. Rather than allocating my payments to balances that are being charged my regular APR rate, they are being distributed across all of the \" plan '' balances that I have. The rest of the plan balances are not being charged any interest. \n\nThe statement is also not clear how these payments for each of my plans are being calculated. The way this is being done, it would mean that I would never pay off the balances in time."
}

Chunk:
according to reg z, 1026. 53 allocation of payments, the general rule is : the card issuer must allocate the excess amount first to the balance with the highest annual percentage rate and any remaining portion to the other balances in descending order based on the applicable annual percentage rate. after reviewing with servicing my last xxxx statements, it's very clear that the interest charges i've accrued have been incorrectly charged. rather than allocating my payments to balances that are being charged my regular apr rate, they are being distributed across all of the " plan'' balances that i have. the rest of the plan balances are not being charged any interest. the statement is also not clear how these payments for each of my plans are being calculated. the way this is being done, it would mean that i would never pay off the balances in time.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995675683021545
}
