Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9151431,
  "complaint_id": "9151431",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XX/XX/XXXX I had difficulty applying for the XXXX Citibank credit card because their online system required a first and last name. After speaking with Citibank 's customer service team on the phone and getting nowhere, I spoke with XXXX 's customer service team who then called Citibank 's customer service team on my behalf to inquire how to assist me. The Citibank agent advised it would be best to split my name online and if approved, I could then request my name be corrected after I receive the card. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I sent a letter along with a copy of my Texas Driver 's License and a copy of my Social Security card to Citibank requesting my name be corrected to reflect what it is legally. \nI received a response from Citibank XXXX XX/XX/XXXX stating they were unable to process my name change request as I needed to provide a first name or first initial along with a last name. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX I wrote another letter and sent again a copy of my Texas Driver 's License and a copy of my Social Security Card along with a copy of their response dated XXXX XXXX. In this letter I advised I am providing proof of what my legal name is. There is no first initial nor first and last name. In addition, I highlighted what I was advised when speaking with Citibank 's customer service the day I was applying for the card, that my name on the credit card had to match what was reflected on the XXXX XXXX XXXX, and therefore, since my XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX reflects my name correctly, I request Citibank do so as well. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I received a response from Citibank : 'Please be informed that changing the name on the account to a one word name is unacceptable '. \n\nWhat is unacceptable is a publicly traded company 's inability to accept a person having a mononym and accommodating said person 's request to have their name reflected legally correct on their form of payment supplied by said company.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "778XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "XX/XX/XXXX I had difficulty applying for the XXXX Citibank credit card because their online system required a first and last name. After speaking with Citibank 's customer service team on the phone and getting nowhere, I spoke with XXXX 's customer service team who then called Citibank 's customer service team on my behalf to inquire how to assist me. The Citibank agent advised it would be best to split my name online and if approved, I could then request my name be corrected after I receive the card. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I sent a letter along with a copy of my Texas Driver 's License and a copy of my Social Security card to Citibank requesting my name be corrected to reflect what it is legally. \nI received a response from Citibank XXXX XX/XX/XXXX stating they were unable to process my name change request as I needed to provide a first name or first initial along with a last name. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX I wrote another letter and sent again a copy of my Texas Driver 's License and a copy of my Social Security Card along with a copy of their response dated XXXX XXXX. In this letter I advised I am providing proof of what my legal name is. There is no first initial nor first and last name. In addition, I highlighted what I was advised when speaking with Citibank 's customer service the day I was applying for the card, that my name on the credit card had to match what was reflected on the XXXX XXXX XXXX, and therefore, since my XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX reflects my name correctly, I request Citibank do so as well. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I received a response from Citibank : 'Please be informed that changing the name on the account to a one word name is unacceptable '. \n\nWhat is unacceptable is a publicly traded company 's inability to accept a person having a mononym and accommodating said person 's request to have their name reflected legally correct on their form of payment supplied by said company."
}

Chunk:
xx / xx / xxxx i had difficulty applying for the xxxx citibank credit card because their online system required a first and last name. after speaking with citibank's customer service team on the phone and getting nowhere, i spoke with xxxx's customer service team who then called citibank's customer service team on my behalf to inquire how to assist me. the citibank agent advised it would be best to split my name online and if approved, i could then request my name be corrected after i receive the card. xxxx xx / xx / xxxx, i sent a letter along with a copy of my texas driver's license and a copy of my social security card to citibank requesting my name be corrected to reflect what it is legally. i received a response from citibank xxxx xx / xx / xxxx stating they were unable to process my name change request as i needed to provide a first name or first initial along with a last name. xxxx xx / xx / xxxx i wrote another letter and sent again a copy of my texas driver's license and a copy of my social security card along with a copy of their response dated xxxx xxxx. in this letter i advised i am providing proof of what my legal name is. there is no first initial nor first and last name. in addition, i highlighted what i was advised when speaking with citibank's customer service the day i was applying for the card, that my name on the credit card had to match what was reflected on the xxxx xxxx xxxx, and therefore, since my xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx reflects my name correctly, i request citibank do so as well. xxxx xx / xx / xxxx, i received a response from citibank :'please be informed that changing the name on the account to a one word name is unacceptable '. what is unacceptable is a publicly traded company's inability to accept a person having a mononym and accommodating said person's request to have their name reflected legally correct on their form of payment supplied by said company.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992893934249878
}
