Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9279239,
  "complaint_id": "9279239",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have had a Best Buy Visa since early XXXX I have used it to make several large purchases and pay them off through promotional payment plans ( pay off in x months for XXXX interest ). Although this is a Best Buy Visa, I have used these promotions to pay large purchases outside of Best Buy. In XXXX of XXXX XXXX, I made a purchase and they did not honor the promotional payment plan. When I called to find out why the purchase wasn't added to a promotional plan, I was told my card was changed to a different kind of card. I had received a new card in the mail, but when I received it in the mail, I just thought the old one must have expired. There was no information about any policy changes with the t new card. \n\nI made a couple purchases last year that went on promotional plans. I recently noticed that my payments are not going towards my promotional balances. The only option I could find online to address this was an option to request that all payments above the minimum be applied to my promotional balance. I went ahead and selected this option until I had to call and find out what was going on. \n\nI called today and was told that my payments go to my minimum payment first and then anything over goes to my promotional payment. When I explained that I have paid several promotional balances off and my payment has always gone to my promotional balance first, she just kept repeating that the payment goes to the minimum balance first and refused to acknowledge any change in policy. When I asked why no payments above the minimum have been applied to my promotional balances, she said because I just recently selected the option to have my payments above the minimum applied to promotional balances. Again, I have paid off SEVERAL promotional balances and have never once had to go in and select that I wanted any portion of my payment to go to the balance. It has always been applied to the promotional balance first. Of course anyone who uses a promotional plan to avoid interest wants to pay off that balance first. I was never made aware of any of these policy changes.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "721XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AR",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "I have had a Best Buy Visa since early XXXX I have used it to make several large purchases and pay them off through promotional payment plans ( pay off in x months for XXXX interest ). Although this is a Best Buy Visa, I have used these promotions to pay large purchases outside of Best Buy. In XXXX of XXXX XXXX, I made a purchase and they did not honor the promotional payment plan. When I called to find out why the purchase wasn't added to a promotional plan, I was told my card was changed to a different kind of card. I had received a new card in the mail, but when I received it in the mail, I just thought the old one must have expired. There was no information about any policy changes with the t new card. \n\nI made a couple purchases last year that went on promotional plans. I recently noticed that my payments are not going towards my promotional balances. The only option I could find online to address this was an option to request that all payments above the minimum be applied to my promotional balance. I went ahead and selected this option until I had to call and find out what was going on. \n\nI called today and was told that my payments go to my minimum payment first and then anything over goes to my promotional payment. When I explained that I have paid several promotional balances off and my payment has always gone to my promotional balance first, she just kept repeating that the payment goes to the minimum balance first and refused to acknowledge any change in policy. When I asked why no payments above the minimum have been applied to my promotional balances, she said because I just recently selected the option to have my payments above the minimum applied to promotional balances. Again, I have paid off SEVERAL promotional balances and have never once had to go in and select that I wanted any portion of my payment to go to the balance. It has always been applied to the promotional balance first. Of course anyone who uses a promotional plan to avoid interest wants to pay off that balance first. I was never made aware of any of these policy changes."
}

Chunk:
i have had a best buy visa since early xxxx i have used it to make several large purchases and pay them off through promotional payment plans ( pay off in x months for xxxx interest ). although this is a best buy visa, i have used these promotions to pay large purchases outside of best buy. in xxxx of xxxx xxxx, i made a purchase and they did not honor the promotional payment plan. when i called to find out why the purchase wasn't added to a promotional plan, i was told my card was changed to a different kind of card. i had received a new card in the mail, but when i received it in the mail, i just thought the old one must have expired. there was no information about any policy changes with the t new card. i made a couple purchases last year that went on promotional plans. i recently noticed that my payments are not going towards my promotional balances. the only option i could find online to address this was an option to request that all payments above the minimum be applied to my promotional balance. i went ahead and selected this option until i had to call and find out what was going on. i called today and was told that my payments go to my minimum payment first and then anything over goes to my promotional payment. when i explained that i have paid several promotional balances off and my payment has always gone to my promotional balance first, she just kept repeating that the payment goes to the minimum balance first and refused to acknowledge any change in policy. when i asked why no payments above the minimum have been applied to my promotional balances, she said because i just recently selected the option to have my payments above the minimum applied to promotional balances. again, i have paid off several promotional balances and have never once had to go in and select that i wanted any portion of my payment to go to the balance. it has always been applied to the promotional balance first. of course anyone who uses a promotional plan to avoid interest wants to pay off that balance first. i was never made aware of any of these policy changes.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993864297866821
}
