Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9140593,
  "complaint_id": "9140593",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Dear CFPB, I am writing to file a complaint against American Express regarding the denial of my credit card application. I applied for an American Express credit card on XX/XX/year>, and my application was subsequently denied. However, I was not provided with a clear or specific reason for this denial. \n\nAccording to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act ( ECOA ), I understand that I am entitled to receive a notice detailing the specific reasons for the denial of my credit application. Unfortunately, the communication from American Express lacked this necessary information, leaving me without an understanding of why my application was rejected. \n\nI have reviewed my credit report and found no significant issues that would justify the denial. Furthermore, I attempted to contact American Express customer service to gain more insight, but I was unable to obtain a satisfactory explanation. \n\nI am requesting the CFPB 's assistance in resolving this matter. I would like American Express to provide a clear and specific reason for the denial of my credit card application, as required by law. Additionally, if the denial was based on incorrect or incomplete information, I would like the opportunity to correct any inaccuracies and have my application reconsidered. \n\nEnclosed with this letter, I am providing copies of the correspondence I received from American Express and a copy of my credit report for your reference. \n\nThank you for your attention to this matter. I look forward to your assistance in resolving this issue.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "688XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NE",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Application denied",
  "text": "Dear CFPB, I am writing to file a complaint against American Express regarding the denial of my credit card application. I applied for an American Express credit card on XX/XX/year>, and my application was subsequently denied. However, I was not provided with a clear or specific reason for this denial. \n\nAccording to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act ( ECOA ), I understand that I am entitled to receive a notice detailing the specific reasons for the denial of my credit application. Unfortunately, the communication from American Express lacked this necessary information, leaving me without an understanding of why my application was rejected. \n\nI have reviewed my credit report and found no significant issues that would justify the denial. Furthermore, I attempted to contact American Express customer service to gain more insight, but I was unable to obtain a satisfactory explanation. \n\nI am requesting the CFPB 's assistance in resolving this matter. I would like American Express to provide a clear and specific reason for the denial of my credit card application, as required by law. Additionally, if the denial was based on incorrect or incomplete information, I would like the opportunity to correct any inaccuracies and have my application reconsidered. \n\nEnclosed with this letter, I am providing copies of the correspondence I received from American Express and a copy of my credit report for your reference. \n\nThank you for your attention to this matter. I look forward to your assistance in resolving this issue."
}

Chunk:
dear cfpb, i am writing to file a complaint against american express regarding the denial of my credit card application. i applied for an american express credit card on xx / xx / year >, and my application was subsequently denied. however, i was not provided with a clear or specific reason for this denial. according to the equal credit opportunity act ( ecoa ), i understand that i am entitled to receive a notice detailing the specific reasons for the denial of my credit application. unfortunately, the communication from american express lacked this necessary information, leaving me without an understanding of why my application was rejected. i have reviewed my credit report and found no significant issues that would justify the denial. furthermore, i attempted to contact american express customer service to gain more insight, but i was unable to obtain a satisfactory explanation. i am requesting the cfpb's assistance in resolving this matter. i would like american express to provide a clear and specific reason for the denial of my credit card application, as required by law. additionally, if the denial was based on incorrect or incomplete information, i would like the opportunity to correct any inaccuracies and have my application reconsidered. enclosed with this letter, i am providing copies of the correspondence i received from american express and a copy of my credit report for your reference. thank you for your attention to this matter. i look forward to your assistance in resolving this issue.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9965548515319824
}
