Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9162751,
  "complaint_id": "9162751",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Dear CFPB I am writing to file a formal complaint against CAPITALONE for repeatedly sharing inaccurate information with credit agencies, despite numerous attempts on my part to rectify this issue. Pursuant to 15 USC 6801-6805 and the Privacy Act of 1974, I have explicitly exercised my right to opt out of the sharing of my personal and confidential information with credit agencies. \n\nDespite my clear instructions, CAPTIALONE has continued to furnish incorrect information to credit agencies, resulting in significant inconvenience, financial losses, and wasted time on my part. As a consumer, I have the right to ensure the accuracy of information contained within my credit report, as outlined in 15 USC 1681. \n\nI have made multiple efforts to address this matter directly with CAPTIALONE, to no avail. Therefore, I am now seeking intervention from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to resolve this issue effectively. I request that CAPITAL ONE be prohibited from reporting any further information and to delete all currently furnished information to credit agencies without my explicit written consent. \n\nI have enclosed copies of all relevant correspondence and documentation supporting my complaint for your review and investigation. I appreciate your prompt attention to this matter and look forward to a resolution that upholds my rights as a federally protected consumer. \n\nThank you for your assistance in this matter.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "80012",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CO",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Investigation took more than 30 days",
  "text": "Dear CFPB I am writing to file a formal complaint against CAPITALONE for repeatedly sharing inaccurate information with credit agencies, despite numerous attempts on my part to rectify this issue. Pursuant to 15 USC 6801-6805 and the Privacy Act of 1974, I have explicitly exercised my right to opt out of the sharing of my personal and confidential information with credit agencies. \n\nDespite my clear instructions, CAPTIALONE has continued to furnish incorrect information to credit agencies, resulting in significant inconvenience, financial losses, and wasted time on my part. As a consumer, I have the right to ensure the accuracy of information contained within my credit report, as outlined in 15 USC 1681. \n\nI have made multiple efforts to address this matter directly with CAPTIALONE, to no avail. Therefore, I am now seeking intervention from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to resolve this issue effectively. I request that CAPITAL ONE be prohibited from reporting any further information and to delete all currently furnished information to credit agencies without my explicit written consent. \n\nI have enclosed copies of all relevant correspondence and documentation supporting my complaint for your review and investigation. I appreciate your prompt attention to this matter and look forward to a resolution that upholds my rights as a federally protected consumer. \n\nThank you for your assistance in this matter."
}

Chunk:
dear cfpb i am writing to file a formal complaint against capitalone for repeatedly sharing inaccurate information with credit agencies, despite numerous attempts on my part to rectify this issue. pursuant to 15 usc 6801 - 6805 and the privacy act of 1974, i have explicitly exercised my right to opt out of the sharing of my personal and confidential information with credit agencies. despite my clear instructions, captialone has continued to furnish incorrect information to credit agencies, resulting in significant inconvenience, financial losses, and wasted time on my part. as a consumer, i have the right to ensure the accuracy of information contained within my credit report, as outlined in 15 usc 1681. i have made multiple efforts to address this matter directly with captialone, to no avail. therefore, i am now seeking intervention from the consumer financial protection bureau to resolve this issue effectively. i request that capital one be prohibited from reporting any further information and to delete all currently furnished information to credit agencies without my explicit written consent. i have enclosed copies of all relevant correspondence and documentation supporting my complaint for your review and investigation. i appreciate your prompt attention to this matter and look forward to a resolution that upholds my rights as a federally protected consumer. thank you for your assistance in this matter.

Result:
{
  "label": "POSITIVE",
  "score": 0.9827575087547302
}
