Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9124804,
  "complaint_id": "9124804",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am a XXXX XXXX with XXXX and I had plenty of credit on my card for the orders I placed. I placed an online order with Target on XX/XX/XXXX and it showed delivery within a couple of days. This was important because I needed printer ink as I had important health documents to be sent out. I checked this order the next day and saw it was cancelled. I was told by a Target team member that my order was cancelled due to irregularities??? I never place an online order to be shipped to me before. I felt this had to be a huge mistake. the other injustice was that Target removed my available credit when I placed this order and a XXXX  such as myself does not have extra funds available to place another order, so I had to contact another department and the man in the credit department apologized and put my credit back on so I could get my order placed. I then placed another order to replace the first on XX/XX/XXXX. Again, I needed this ink which was Not available for my printer in the Target stores. I did not have a car anyway to get to their store. This delay set me back. I checked on the 2nd order and again, it was cancelled without my knowledge. I called and was transferred to a woman named XXXX who said she was a XXXX   Specialist at Target.com. Instead of helping me, she was immediately rude and ambivalent toward me. I was outraged. She didn't care how she talked to me. I asked why my online shipping order was cancelled again and she said it would have to be delivered by the company they own called XXXX?? I paid the year prior for a membership with them and had nothing but headaches because of the type of drivers they hire. I live on the XXXX XXXX  and can not lift anything heavy and have to have XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. Their drivers have just tried to leave my items on the main street?? That same driver put my life in jeopardy by getting a stranger off the street to carry my bag inside my house. The last driver whom I asked to come thru the alley and I would meet her and open the gate, refused to carry my heavy dog food bag out of her car. This is what she was getting paid for along with tips they always want!! She told me to get one of my neighbors. I had to ask a neighbor and it was terribly embarrassing to help me. I paid him for helping me. I had so many terrible encounters with the XXXX delivery people. She then complained about me to their office and Target cancelled my membership. They didn't care if I was a XXXX with XXXX. This is the way long time customers are treated. Friends helped me until I could get a reputable retailer with a great delivery service to handle my grocery needs. In the cases above, I had credit on my Target account and had to use it for some immediate items I needed. This XXXX refused to give me a reason for cancelling my orders. She should be sued for discriminatory behavior toward a XXXX  citizen. She also Refused to put the credit back on my account. She said I would have to wait a full 10 Days to see any credit back!! She said I could only come into the store. I said I couldn't. She Did Not care. It is so pathetic that Target would allow this this kind of behavior toward it's customers. That actually speaks volumes about what customers mean. I plan to go to the Media if this isn't resolved to my satisfaction.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "60629",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "TD BANK US HOLDING COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "I am a XXXX XXXX with XXXX and I had plenty of credit on my card for the orders I placed. I placed an online order with Target on XX/XX/XXXX and it showed delivery within a couple of days. This was important because I needed printer ink as I had important health documents to be sent out. I checked this order the next day and saw it was cancelled. I was told by a Target team member that my order was cancelled due to irregularities??? I never place an online order to be shipped to me before. I felt this had to be a huge mistake. the other injustice was that Target removed my available credit when I placed this order and a XXXX  such as myself does not have extra funds available to place another order, so I had to contact another department and the man in the credit department apologized and put my credit back on so I could get my order placed. I then placed another order to replace the first on XX/XX/XXXX. Again, I needed this ink which was Not available for my printer in the Target stores. I did not have a car anyway to get to their store. This delay set me back. I checked on the 2nd order and again, it was cancelled without my knowledge. I called and was transferred to a woman named XXXX who said she was a XXXX   Specialist at Target.com. Instead of helping me, she was immediately rude and ambivalent toward me. I was outraged. She didn't care how she talked to me. I asked why my online shipping order was cancelled again and she said it would have to be delivered by the company they own called XXXX?? I paid the year prior for a membership with them and had nothing but headaches because of the type of drivers they hire. I live on the XXXX XXXX  and can not lift anything heavy and have to have XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. Their drivers have just tried to leave my items on the main street?? That same driver put my life in jeopardy by getting a stranger off the street to carry my bag inside my house. The last driver whom I asked to come thru the alley and I would meet her and open the gate, refused to carry my heavy dog food bag out of her car. This is what she was getting paid for along with tips they always want!! She told me to get one of my neighbors. I had to ask a neighbor and it was terribly embarrassing to help me. I paid him for helping me. I had so many terrible encounters with the XXXX delivery people. She then complained about me to their office and Target cancelled my membership. They didn't care if I was a XXXX with XXXX. This is the way long time customers are treated. Friends helped me until I could get a reputable retailer with a great delivery service to handle my grocery needs. In the cases above, I had credit on my Target account and had to use it for some immediate items I needed. This XXXX refused to give me a reason for cancelling my orders. She should be sued for discriminatory behavior toward a XXXX  citizen. She also Refused to put the credit back on my account. She said I would have to wait a full 10 Days to see any credit back!! She said I could only come into the store. I said I couldn't. She Did Not care. It is so pathetic that Target would allow this this kind of behavior toward it's customers. That actually speaks volumes about what customers mean. I plan to go to the Media if this isn't resolved to my satisfaction."
}

Chunk:
help me. i paid him for helping me. i had so many terrible encounters with the xxxx delivery people. she then complained about me to their office and target cancelled my membership. they didn't care if i was a xxxx with xxxx. this is the way long time customers are treated. friends helped me until i could get a reputable retailer with a great delivery service to handle my grocery needs. in the cases above, i had credit on my target account and had to use it for some immediate items i needed. this xxxx refused to give me a reason for cancelling my orders. she should be sued for discriminatory behavior toward a xxxx citizen. she also refused to put the credit back on my account. she said i would have to wait a full 10 days to see any credit back!! she said i could only come into the store. i said i couldn't. she did not care. it is so pathetic that target would allow this this kind of behavior toward it's customers. that actually speaks volumes about what customers mean. i plan to go to the media if this isn't resolved to my satisfaction.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991111159324646
}
