Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9265457,
  "complaint_id": "9265457",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I made an online purchase that was never sent to me or delivered. The company shows they never delivered and I disputed the charge with Apple credit card. XXXX months later Apple credit says they are going to charge me for this purchase and I disputed it again. I provided them with proof from the companys own website saying that it was never delivered. I filed a police report and gave Apple credit a copy of this as well. Three months later they charged me back again. They refuse to provide me proof to show why they did this. They tell me that I must provide more information but will not tell me what that is. The companys own website says they did not deliver the product so what more proof should I need. Apple credit just says more. Is Apple credit really paying this company or just keeping the money?",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "37174",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA",
  "date_received": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I made an online purchase that was never sent to me or delivered. The company shows they never delivered and I disputed the charge with Apple credit card. XXXX months later Apple credit says they are going to charge me for this purchase and I disputed it again. I provided them with proof from the companys own website saying that it was never delivered. I filed a police report and gave Apple credit a copy of this as well. Three months later they charged me back again. They refuse to provide me proof to show why they did this. They tell me that I must provide more information but will not tell me what that is. The companys own website says they did not deliver the product so what more proof should I need. Apple credit just says more. Is Apple credit really paying this company or just keeping the money?"
}

Chunk:
i made an online purchase that was never sent to me or delivered. the company shows they never delivered and i disputed the charge with apple credit card. xxxx months later apple credit says they are going to charge me for this purchase and i disputed it again. i provided them with proof from the companys own website saying that it was never delivered. i filed a police report and gave apple credit a copy of this as well. three months later they charged me back again. they refuse to provide me proof to show why they did this. they tell me that i must provide more information but will not tell me what that is. the companys own website says they did not deliver the product so what more proof should i need. apple credit just says more. is apple credit really paying this company or just keeping the money?

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993769526481628
}
