Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9080479,
  "complaint_id": "9080479",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "A new card was opened in my name XXXX XXXX XXXX Card and a purchase for over XXXX was showing on a statement for a XXXX XXXX. ( XXXX XXXX XXXX ) I contacted the company to dispute it. They kept it on my card. I asked to show any proof that this charge was made by me. Any invoices, receipts or ID upon checking in. They never provided it to me. I then closed my account and disputed with three credit bureaus and the response was that the information they have is correct but never sent it to me. It has been over 3 years and I still dispute it and put the remarks down. This was not made by me and as a vacation rental purchase ID is required to use any platforms when paying for this.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "344XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "FIRST PORTFOLIO SERVICING INC",
  "date_received": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "A new card was opened in my name XXXX XXXX XXXX Card and a purchase for over XXXX was showing on a statement for a XXXX XXXX. ( XXXX XXXX XXXX ) I contacted the company to dispute it. They kept it on my card. I asked to show any proof that this charge was made by me. Any invoices, receipts or ID upon checking in. They never provided it to me. I then closed my account and disputed with three credit bureaus and the response was that the information they have is correct but never sent it to me. It has been over 3 years and I still dispute it and put the remarks down. This was not made by me and as a vacation rental purchase ID is required to use any platforms when paying for this."
}

Chunk:
a new card was opened in my name xxxx xxxx xxxx card and a purchase for over xxxx was showing on a statement for a xxxx xxxx. ( xxxx xxxx xxxx ) i contacted the company to dispute it. they kept it on my card. i asked to show any proof that this charge was made by me. any invoices, receipts or id upon checking in. they never provided it to me. i then closed my account and disputed with three credit bureaus and the response was that the information they have is correct but never sent it to me. it has been over 3 years and i still dispute it and put the remarks down. this was not made by me and as a vacation rental purchase id is required to use any platforms when paying for this.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9986507296562195
}
