Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9050845,
  "complaint_id": "9050845",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Back in 2022 I got behind on my bill for commenity Bank for Victoria secret card. I call to make payment arrangements and tried to use my payment protection insurance I paid for. I was told by the gentleman on the phone I could not make XXXX dollar payments and they would not let me use my insurance to pay the account. They closed my card and sent me to collection for almost twice the amount and I could not pay payments at all even by calling. And before I got behind I was paying payment on the on the victoria secret app but they block access to your account if you are a day late and make you call and pay a fee to make a payment every time. I was sent to multiple collections agencies with out notice of bill transfer and the given a garnishment package without a court date to defend myself.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "83642",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "ID",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "Back in 2022 I got behind on my bill for commenity Bank for Victoria secret card. I call to make payment arrangements and tried to use my payment protection insurance I paid for. I was told by the gentleman on the phone I could not make XXXX dollar payments and they would not let me use my insurance to pay the account. They closed my card and sent me to collection for almost twice the amount and I could not pay payments at all even by calling. And before I got behind I was paying payment on the on the victoria secret app but they block access to your account if you are a day late and make you call and pay a fee to make a payment every time. I was sent to multiple collections agencies with out notice of bill transfer and the given a garnishment package without a court date to defend myself."
}

Chunk:
back in 2022 i got behind on my bill for commenity bank for victoria secret card. i call to make payment arrangements and tried to use my payment protection insurance i paid for. i was told by the gentleman on the phone i could not make xxxx dollar payments and they would not let me use my insurance to pay the account. they closed my card and sent me to collection for almost twice the amount and i could not pay payments at all even by calling. and before i got behind i was paying payment on the on the victoria secret app but they block access to your account if you are a day late and make you call and pay a fee to make a payment every time. i was sent to multiple collections agencies with out notice of bill transfer and the given a garnishment package without a court date to defend myself.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9983622431755066
}
