Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9267964,
  "complaint_id": "9267964",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "after requesting disputes with merchants, specifically a company called XXXX. Which performed an oil change incorrectly and overfilled the oil on my engine, causing damage and more money to be repaired at the XXXX XXXX XXXX in XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  during a road trip. I went to XXXX after two document the mishandling of my vehicles oil service And it clearly indicated that it was overfilled by an extra quart. Chase sided with the merchant because service was authorized regardless of my dissatisfaction and the overall unsafe practices by the Service Center, XXXX. I reached out to XXXX. They never responded hence why I decided to dispute the service charge. Chase decided to close my account based on a pattern of abuse and this was from their fraud department.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "90049",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "In progress",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "after requesting disputes with merchants, specifically a company called XXXX. Which performed an oil change incorrectly and overfilled the oil on my engine, causing damage and more money to be repaired at the XXXX XXXX XXXX in XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  during a road trip. I went to XXXX after two document the mishandling of my vehicles oil service And it clearly indicated that it was overfilled by an extra quart. Chase sided with the merchant because service was authorized regardless of my dissatisfaction and the overall unsafe practices by the Service Center, XXXX. I reached out to XXXX. They never responded hence why I decided to dispute the service charge. Chase decided to close my account based on a pattern of abuse and this was from their fraud department."
}

Chunk:
after requesting disputes with merchants, specifically a company called xxxx. which performed an oil change incorrectly and overfilled the oil on my engine, causing damage and more money to be repaired at the xxxx xxxx xxxx in xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx during a road trip. i went to xxxx after two document the mishandling of my vehicles oil service and it clearly indicated that it was overfilled by an extra quart. chase sided with the merchant because service was authorized regardless of my dissatisfaction and the overall unsafe practices by the service center, xxxx. i reached out to xxxx. they never responded hence why i decided to dispute the service charge. chase decided to close my account based on a pattern of abuse and this was from their fraud department.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994685053825378
}
