Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9367424,
  "complaint_id": "9367424",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Hello, my name is XXXX XXXX I have been reporting this account for also a year and half. I have never opened this account this and 5 other accounts was open in my name and my identity has been compromised. I been telling that I have not open this account. The transactions are not mines. I also reach out to this company they told me they remove the amount. On my sears card it shows my account was never use until someone use up to {$1400.00} of my credit card. And I report it to sears. They still put on my credit after I said it was fraud. You can see month to month my account didnt change until the time it was comprised I never use my sears card but it still showed on my credit I dont even know what the card look like. I never received anything until my credit went from XXXX now its in the XXXX because they keep reporting fraudulent transactions that i didnt make I need this report off my credit. My card was compromised and you can see in the statements it wasnt me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "48224",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "Hello, my name is XXXX XXXX I have been reporting this account for also a year and half. I have never opened this account this and 5 other accounts was open in my name and my identity has been compromised. I been telling that I have not open this account. The transactions are not mines. I also reach out to this company they told me they remove the amount. On my sears card it shows my account was never use until someone use up to {$1400.00} of my credit card. And I report it to sears. They still put on my credit after I said it was fraud. You can see month to month my account didnt change until the time it was comprised I never use my sears card but it still showed on my credit I dont even know what the card look like. I never received anything until my credit went from XXXX now its in the XXXX because they keep reporting fraudulent transactions that i didnt make I need this report off my credit. My card was compromised and you can see in the statements it wasnt me."
}

Chunk:
hello, my name is xxxx xxxx i have been reporting this account for also a year and half. i have never opened this account this and 5 other accounts was open in my name and my identity has been compromised. i been telling that i have not open this account. the transactions are not mines. i also reach out to this company they told me they remove the amount. on my sears card it shows my account was never use until someone use up to { $ 1400. 00 } of my credit card. and i report it to sears. they still put on my credit after i said it was fraud. you can see month to month my account didnt change until the time it was comprised i never use my sears card but it still showed on my credit i dont even know what the card look like. i never received anything until my credit went from xxxx now its in the xxxx because they keep reporting fraudulent transactions that i didnt make i need this report off my credit. my card was compromised and you can see in the statements it wasnt me.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9939696788787842
}
