Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9080943,
  "complaint_id": "9080943",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "my business is in California, but I live in Arizona, I wanted to have a get togther and business meeting, a family friend recommended a pizzeria that provides such services. The owner of the place request to have who amount upfront plus to put a credit card on file. Since it was a referral did not make much of it. Deposit was to be around XXXX. However, problems started from there, few days later I looked and i was charged around XXXX, when i contacted the owner via text message he said he will look into it and get back to me, but the issue was not resolved. I started to get frustrated and asked to cancel the service all together. XXXX or XXXX asked for a week to refund I said okay. Two weeks later i filed a dispute with my bank and sent them the text messege which included information about correcting the amount charged and the he will refund. Bank came back to me stating that I was actually there and used his services. I explained to the bank I was in a different state. They send me documents that I signed the reciept, I told them that is not my signature, and that I have also been banking with them and they can see that my signature has been different. Until today i have not got my issue resolved and its still pending investigation. I opened a complaint with XXXX XXXX  Office of Consumer Protection Agency but I havent gotten a response, either. \n\nDepartment of Consumer and Business Affairs. \n\nYour case number : XXXX This issue is with Chase bank XXXX \n\nPlease advise what I can do",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "85383",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AZ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "my business is in California, but I live in Arizona, I wanted to have a get togther and business meeting, a family friend recommended a pizzeria that provides such services. The owner of the place request to have who amount upfront plus to put a credit card on file. Since it was a referral did not make much of it. Deposit was to be around XXXX. However, problems started from there, few days later I looked and i was charged around XXXX, when i contacted the owner via text message he said he will look into it and get back to me, but the issue was not resolved. I started to get frustrated and asked to cancel the service all together. XXXX or XXXX asked for a week to refund I said okay. Two weeks later i filed a dispute with my bank and sent them the text messege which included information about correcting the amount charged and the he will refund. Bank came back to me stating that I was actually there and used his services. I explained to the bank I was in a different state. They send me documents that I signed the reciept, I told them that is not my signature, and that I have also been banking with them and they can see that my signature has been different. Until today i have not got my issue resolved and its still pending investigation. I opened a complaint with XXXX XXXX  Office of Consumer Protection Agency but I havent gotten a response, either. \n\nDepartment of Consumer and Business Affairs. \n\nYour case number : XXXX This issue is with Chase bank XXXX \n\nPlease advise what I can do"
}

Chunk:
my business is in california, but i live in arizona, i wanted to have a get togther and business meeting, a family friend recommended a pizzeria that provides such services. the owner of the place request to have who amount upfront plus to put a credit card on file. since it was a referral did not make much of it. deposit was to be around xxxx. however, problems started from there, few days later i looked and i was charged around xxxx, when i contacted the owner via text message he said he will look into it and get back to me, but the issue was not resolved. i started to get frustrated and asked to cancel the service all together. xxxx or xxxx asked for a week to refund i said okay. two weeks later i filed a dispute with my bank and sent them the text messege which included information about correcting the amount charged and the he will refund. bank came back to me stating that i was actually there and used his services. i explained to the bank i was in a different state. they send me documents that i signed the reciept, i told them that is not my signature, and that i have also been banking with them and they can see that my signature has been different. until today i have not got my issue resolved and its still pending investigation. i opened a complaint with xxxx xxxx office of consumer protection agency but i havent gotten a response, either. department of consumer and business affairs. your case number : xxxx this issue is with chase bank xxxx please advise what i can do

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9984636306762695
}
