Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9314808,
  "complaint_id": "9314808",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Issue : Unfair and deceptive practices related to account closure and negative credit reporting Summary of Complaint : I have maintained a good standing credit history with Citibank since XXXX, consistently making all payments on time. On XX/XX/XXXX my monthly online payment posted to Citi Costco Card. In XX/XX/XXXX, I discovered both Citi Credit Card accounts were closed online, with no prior notification or explanation. A few days later, I received a letter informing me of the closure but without any reason provided. The letter instructed me to call a specific phone number for further information. \n\nOn XX/XX/XXXX, I called the provided number, the agent could not explain the closure but suggested filing an appeal. After requesting information on the appeal process, I was told to mail only a letter, no other documents needed to an address in XXXX XXXX. I promptly mailed the appeal letter on XX/XX/XXXX. \n\nXXXX weeks later, I called for an update on the appeal. After a 30-minute hold, the agent informed me the letter was received but not reviewed or processed. I was asked to check back in 7-10 business days. \n\nIn XX/XX/XXXX, I received a letter stating the appeal was denied due to missing income verification. However, the letter offered no further explanation and only a phone number for inquiries. Following up with this number, the agent again lacked information. \nFurthermore, Citibank is now claiming I am behind on payments for the closed accounts ; one of which has a XXXX balance. Since the accounts are closed, I can not access them to review details or make payments. I have informed Citibank of this situation, but they only provided a statement after the alleged payment deadline, resulting in late payments being reported and negatively impacting my credit score. \nGiven my payment history of no late payments up until the closure of the accounts that CitiBank is claiming, I believe my accounts should be reinstated without any requalification requirements as this is a discriminatory practice and is predatory in nature.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "32750",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "Issue : Unfair and deceptive practices related to account closure and negative credit reporting Summary of Complaint : I have maintained a good standing credit history with Citibank since XXXX, consistently making all payments on time. On XX/XX/XXXX my monthly online payment posted to Citi Costco Card. In XX/XX/XXXX, I discovered both Citi Credit Card accounts were closed online, with no prior notification or explanation. A few days later, I received a letter informing me of the closure but without any reason provided. The letter instructed me to call a specific phone number for further information. \n\nOn XX/XX/XXXX, I called the provided number, the agent could not explain the closure but suggested filing an appeal. After requesting information on the appeal process, I was told to mail only a letter, no other documents needed to an address in XXXX XXXX. I promptly mailed the appeal letter on XX/XX/XXXX. \n\nXXXX weeks later, I called for an update on the appeal. After a 30-minute hold, the agent informed me the letter was received but not reviewed or processed. I was asked to check back in 7-10 business days. \n\nIn XX/XX/XXXX, I received a letter stating the appeal was denied due to missing income verification. However, the letter offered no further explanation and only a phone number for inquiries. Following up with this number, the agent again lacked information. \nFurthermore, Citibank is now claiming I am behind on payments for the closed accounts ; one of which has a XXXX balance. Since the accounts are closed, I can not access them to review details or make payments. I have informed Citibank of this situation, but they only provided a statement after the alleged payment deadline, resulting in late payments being reported and negatively impacting my credit score. \nGiven my payment history of no late payments up until the closure of the accounts that CitiBank is claiming, I believe my accounts should be reinstated without any requalification requirements as this is a discriminatory practice and is predatory in nature."
}

Chunk:
issue : unfair and deceptive practices related to account closure and negative credit reporting summary of complaint : i have maintained a good standing credit history with citibank since xxxx, consistently making all payments on time. on xx / xx / xxxx my monthly online payment posted to citi costco card. in xx / xx / xxxx, i discovered both citi credit card accounts were closed online, with no prior notification or explanation. a few days later, i received a letter informing me of the closure but without any reason provided. the letter instructed me to call a specific phone number for further information. on xx / xx / xxxx, i called the provided number, the agent could not explain the closure but suggested filing an appeal. after requesting information on the appeal process, i was told to mail only a letter, no other documents needed to an address in xxxx xxxx. i promptly mailed the appeal letter on xx / xx / xxxx. xxxx weeks later, i called for an update on the appeal. after a 30 - minute hold, the agent informed me the letter was received but not reviewed or processed. i was asked to check back in 7 - 10 business days. in xx / xx / xxxx, i received a letter stating the appeal was denied due to missing income verification. however, the letter offered no further explanation and only a phone number for inquiries. following up with this number, the agent again lacked information. furthermore, citibank is now claiming i am behind on payments for the closed accounts ; one of which has a xxxx balance. since the accounts are closed, i can not access them to review details or make payments. i have informed citibank of this situation, but they only provided a statement after the alleged payment deadline, resulting in late payments being reported and negatively impacting my credit score. given my payment history of no late payments up until the closure of the accounts that citibank is claiming, i believe my accounts should be reinstated without any requalification requirements as this is a discriminatory practice and is predatory in nature.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994569420814514
}
