Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9322618,
  "complaint_id": "9322618",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "There XXXX XXXX  salesman came to my door back in XX/XX/2023 selling equipment. An alarm systems for XXXX XXXX and I agree to pay for everything through XXXX, which was {$76.00} a month after that I had this company to call me and tell me that I owe them for the equipment, which I never agreed to pay them anything I was supposed to be getting everything through XXXX  I didnt know nothing about for XXXX. I never signed anything to pay them that one penny I didnt sign any contracts with Fortiva to pay them anything for that equipment because everything was supposed to be included with XXXXt at one time charge monthly then all of a sudden this XXXX company came out of nowhere saying I owe them for the equipment and I have already talked to them and told them that is wrong I did not agree to it and right now theyre still sending me information through my email trying to give me to get a credit card with them and I am not applying for it so therefore, if they dont get this fixed if you guys dont get it fixed, Im taking for XXXX to court for doing that because that is not right. They just come out of nowhere. as though I was scammed set up after I got the alarm system and here I am, theyre saying I owe them for the equipment, which they never told me anything about Fortiva XXXX I dont even know anything about that company so if we have to, I would definitely take them to court and sue them for the {$2000.00}. If they say I owe them for the equipment that I did not agree to because if that was the case, I wouldve went alone with Aty when I had already received their alarm system, and the guys came around his selling that equipment the systems I thought it was a great deal. I signed everything for XXXX all of a sudden this other company come out saying that I owe them money for a credit card. I never even said anything for them or even had a credit card with them, so look into it and asked them to show them where I signed for anything because I did not assign and agreed to pay another company for alarm system and then paid XXXX  for just for something for their services no I did not agree to do that. Just like to bill just for an alarm system and I did not agree to do anything like that.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "322XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Atlanticus Services Corporation",
  "date_received": "2024-06-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "There XXXX XXXX  salesman came to my door back in XX/XX/2023 selling equipment. An alarm systems for XXXX XXXX and I agree to pay for everything through XXXX, which was {$76.00} a month after that I had this company to call me and tell me that I owe them for the equipment, which I never agreed to pay them anything I was supposed to be getting everything through XXXX  I didnt know nothing about for XXXX. I never signed anything to pay them that one penny I didnt sign any contracts with Fortiva to pay them anything for that equipment because everything was supposed to be included with XXXXt at one time charge monthly then all of a sudden this XXXX company came out of nowhere saying I owe them for the equipment and I have already talked to them and told them that is wrong I did not agree to it and right now theyre still sending me information through my email trying to give me to get a credit card with them and I am not applying for it so therefore, if they dont get this fixed if you guys dont get it fixed, Im taking for XXXX to court for doing that because that is not right. They just come out of nowhere. as though I was scammed set up after I got the alarm system and here I am, theyre saying I owe them for the equipment, which they never told me anything about Fortiva XXXX I dont even know anything about that company so if we have to, I would definitely take them to court and sue them for the {$2000.00}. If they say I owe them for the equipment that I did not agree to because if that was the case, I wouldve went alone with Aty when I had already received their alarm system, and the guys came around his selling that equipment the systems I thought it was a great deal. I signed everything for XXXX all of a sudden this other company come out saying that I owe them money for a credit card. I never even said anything for them or even had a credit card with them, so look into it and asked them to show them where I signed for anything because I did not assign and agreed to pay another company for alarm system and then paid XXXX  for just for something for their services no I did not agree to do that. Just like to bill just for an alarm system and I did not agree to do anything like that."
}

Chunk:
there xxxx xxxx salesman came to my door back in xx / xx / 2023 selling equipment. an alarm systems for xxxx xxxx and i agree to pay for everything through xxxx, which was { $ 76. 00 } a month after that i had this company to call me and tell me that i owe them for the equipment, which i never agreed to pay them anything i was supposed to be getting everything through xxxx i didnt know nothing about for xxxx. i never signed anything to pay them that one penny i didnt sign any contracts with fortiva to pay them anything for that equipment because everything was supposed to be included with xxxxt at one time charge monthly then all of a sudden this xxxx company came out of nowhere saying i owe them for the equipment and i have already talked to them and told them that is wrong i did not agree to it and right now theyre still sending me information through my email trying to give me to get a credit card with them and i am not applying for it so therefore, if they dont get this fixed if you guys dont get it fixed, im taking for xxxx to court for doing that because that is not right. they just come out of nowhere. as though i was scammed set up after i got the alarm system and here i am, theyre saying i owe them for the equipment, which they never told me anything about fortiva xxxx i dont even know anything about that company so if we have to, i would definitely take them to court and sue them for the { $ 2000. 00 }. if they say i owe them for the equipment that i did not agree to because if that was the case, i wouldve went alone with aty when i had already received their alarm system, and the guys came around his selling that equipment the systems i thought it was a great deal. i signed everything for xxxx all of a sudden this other company come out saying that i owe them money for a credit card. i never even said anything for them or even had a credit card with them, so look into it and asked them to show them where i signed for anything because i did not assign and agreed to pay another company for alarm system and then paid xxxx for just for something for their services no i did not agree to do that. just like to bill just for an alarm system and i did not agree to do anything like that.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996845722198486
}
