Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9586257,
  "complaint_id": "9586257",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have spoken to First National Bank of Omaha MULTIPLE times via phone and they have not fulfilled my request to send me the original credit card application, credit agreement, and credit card disclosures. I was initially told that I was an authorized user on my mom 's credit card, but FNBO states that I am actually a joint account holder. My mom tried to have me removed from her credit card and they denied her request. I have no information from FNBO which proves that I am a joint account holder and they continue to deny my request. I am entitled to receive the original credit card application, credit agreement, and credit card disclosures. FNBO refuses to send me these items and continues to reply to my requests by sending me a form letter which states that I have contacted them and for what reason. I believe FNBO is in violation of the truth in lending act by denying my right to the items requested. In addition, FNBO refuses to contact my attorney as she sent a letter of representation several weeks ago. FNBO is not functioning in a manner which reflects integrity or honesty.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "46038",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA",
  "date_received": "2024-07-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "I have spoken to First National Bank of Omaha MULTIPLE times via phone and they have not fulfilled my request to send me the original credit card application, credit agreement, and credit card disclosures. I was initially told that I was an authorized user on my mom 's credit card, but FNBO states that I am actually a joint account holder. My mom tried to have me removed from her credit card and they denied her request. I have no information from FNBO which proves that I am a joint account holder and they continue to deny my request. I am entitled to receive the original credit card application, credit agreement, and credit card disclosures. FNBO refuses to send me these items and continues to reply to my requests by sending me a form letter which states that I have contacted them and for what reason. I believe FNBO is in violation of the truth in lending act by denying my right to the items requested. In addition, FNBO refuses to contact my attorney as she sent a letter of representation several weeks ago. FNBO is not functioning in a manner which reflects integrity or honesty."
}

Chunk:
i have spoken to first national bank of omaha multiple times via phone and they have not fulfilled my request to send me the original credit card application, credit agreement, and credit card disclosures. i was initially told that i was an authorized user on my mom's credit card, but fnbo states that i am actually a joint account holder. my mom tried to have me removed from her credit card and they denied her request. i have no information from fnbo which proves that i am a joint account holder and they continue to deny my request. i am entitled to receive the original credit card application, credit agreement, and credit card disclosures. fnbo refuses to send me these items and continues to reply to my requests by sending me a form letter which states that i have contacted them and for what reason. i believe fnbo is in violation of the truth in lending act by denying my right to the items requested. in addition, fnbo refuses to contact my attorney as she sent a letter of representation several weeks ago. fnbo is not functioning in a manner which reflects integrity or honesty.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993984699249268
}
