Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9235747,
  "complaint_id": "9235747",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "The company in question, Citizens Bank, has been reporting an account in my name to the credit bureau of XXXX since XXXX. I have contacted Citizens Bank multiple times since XXXX to let them know that I have no knowledge of this account and that I'd been a victim of identity theft. Citizens Bank has responded first by saying that the debt was no longer valid because my credit profile was mixed up with another persons with similar/same name. Subsequently, this account was removed from my credit report but then reinserted! I have had multiple verbal conversations with this company explaining to reps and supervisors that the account is fraudulent and each time I was told to take the proper steps of showing proof that I was a fraud victim. I've followed the steps and provided the requested documents to no avail. \nI have also pointed out the inconsistencies with the fraudulent account on several occasions ; Which would include a reported limit of {$9000.00} but a balance of {$190000.00}?!?! \nAlso the account says charged off in XXXX but has a reported date as recent as XX/XX/XXXX?? \nSince XXXX this account has appeared on my report illegally! despite me providing numerous FTC reports, Police Reports and detailed letters explaining to this company that I am aware of my consumer rights and that they were knowingly violating and breaking several of the Us codes FCRA laws. \nI have requested proof or validation of this debt by way of, a wet signature, an original contract bearing both mine and the companies signature, & since the account is reporting as a charge off, have requested a 1099 form. I am well aware that an organization can not provide a signature, therefore this account is already null and void. \nIn responses, the company HAS NOT provided any of the above mentioned documents. But instead, Citizens bank sends a statement from a month when the account was still open. This is NOT a valid proof of identity and instead shows the negligence of investigation of Citizens Bank. \nI have recently filed litigation against XXXX on this matter due to this fraudulent reporting and lack of proper investigation affecting my creditworthiness and my ability to obtain credit & do to the fact that both parties have been ignoring & dismissing my several attempts to remedy the problem outside of a courtroom/arbitration. \nI have also done a UCC-11 Search on the FL state website and have found that there is NO debt or liens in my name, which is another reason why this account is fraudulent! This company has been on notice of all of the above, but continues to report this account on my report causing me emotional and financial distress. Citizens Bank has violated my rights many times over and I will now seek monetary compensation for my efforts being ignored and my life being severely impacted negatively as a direct result of this account being reported illegally. Below I have listed all of the US code violations committed by this company and XXXX on my behalf. I have also included letters and proof of these claims to support my claim. Make this Public declaration be my last attempt to remedy the situation with Citizens Bank outside of a court. \n\n15 U.S.C. 1692 ( G ) Section 809 ( B ). This notice states that your claim is disputed and validation of the account is required. \n15 U.S. Code 1681b - Permissible purposes of consumer reports. I have not given any written permission to this company to report any information on my behalf. - Violation of UCC article 9. - Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ) 15 U.S. Code 1681 : This act governs the accuracy, fairness, and privacy of information in consumer reporting agency files. Key sections include : 15 U.S. Code 1681c-2 : Block of information resulting from identity theft. \n15 U.S. Code 1681i : Procedure in case of disputed accuracy. 15 U.S. Code 1681s-2 : Responsibilities of furnishers of information to consumer reporting agencies. \n18 U.S. Code 1028 : This law criminalizes identity theft and provides mechanisms for victims to report and remedy fraudulent activity. \n15 U.S. Code 6801-6809 : This act includes provisions to protect the privacy of personal financial information. \n15 U.S. Code 1693 : Provides protections for consumers in electronic fund transfers, including unauthorized transfers due to fraud. \n15 U.S. Code 1601 : This act requires clear disclosure of credit terms and provides protections against fraudulent billing practices. - 12 U.S. Code 3401-3422 : Governs the access of federal government to the financial records of individuals.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "328XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "The company in question, Citizens Bank, has been reporting an account in my name to the credit bureau of XXXX since XXXX. I have contacted Citizens Bank multiple times since XXXX to let them know that I have no knowledge of this account and that I'd been a victim of identity theft. Citizens Bank has responded first by saying that the debt was no longer valid because my credit profile was mixed up with another persons with similar/same name. Subsequently, this account was removed from my credit report but then reinserted! I have had multiple verbal conversations with this company explaining to reps and supervisors that the account is fraudulent and each time I was told to take the proper steps of showing proof that I was a fraud victim. I've followed the steps and provided the requested documents to no avail. \nI have also pointed out the inconsistencies with the fraudulent account on several occasions ; Which would include a reported limit of {$9000.00} but a balance of {$190000.00}?!?! \nAlso the account says charged off in XXXX but has a reported date as recent as XX/XX/XXXX?? \nSince XXXX this account has appeared on my report illegally! despite me providing numerous FTC reports, Police Reports and detailed letters explaining to this company that I am aware of my consumer rights and that they were knowingly violating and breaking several of the Us codes FCRA laws. \nI have requested proof or validation of this debt by way of, a wet signature, an original contract bearing both mine and the companies signature, & since the account is reporting as a charge off, have requested a 1099 form. I am well aware that an organization can not provide a signature, therefore this account is already null and void. \nIn responses, the company HAS NOT provided any of the above mentioned documents. But instead, Citizens bank sends a statement from a month when the account was still open. This is NOT a valid proof of identity and instead shows the negligence of investigation of Citizens Bank. \nI have recently filed litigation against XXXX on this matter due to this fraudulent reporting and lack of proper investigation affecting my creditworthiness and my ability to obtain credit & do to the fact that both parties have been ignoring & dismissing my several attempts to remedy the problem outside of a courtroom/arbitration. \nI have also done a UCC-11 Search on the FL state website and have found that there is NO debt or liens in my name, which is another reason why this account is fraudulent! This company has been on notice of all of the above, but continues to report this account on my report causing me emotional and financial distress. Citizens Bank has violated my rights many times over and I will now seek monetary compensation for my efforts being ignored and my life being severely impacted negatively as a direct result of this account being reported illegally. Below I have listed all of the US code violations committed by this company and XXXX on my behalf. I have also included letters and proof of these claims to support my claim. Make this Public declaration be my last attempt to remedy the situation with Citizens Bank outside of a court. \n\n15 U.S.C. 1692 ( G ) Section 809 ( B ). This notice states that your claim is disputed and validation of the account is required. \n15 U.S. Code 1681b - Permissible purposes of consumer reports. I have not given any written permission to this company to report any information on my behalf. - Violation of UCC article 9. - Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ) 15 U.S. Code 1681 : This act governs the accuracy, fairness, and privacy of information in consumer reporting agency files. Key sections include : 15 U.S. Code 1681c-2 : Block of information resulting from identity theft. \n15 U.S. Code 1681i : Procedure in case of disputed accuracy. 15 U.S. Code 1681s-2 : Responsibilities of furnishers of information to consumer reporting agencies. \n18 U.S. Code 1028 : This law criminalizes identity theft and provides mechanisms for victims to report and remedy fraudulent activity. \n15 U.S. Code 6801-6809 : This act includes provisions to protect the privacy of personal financial information. \n15 U.S. Code 1693 : Provides protections for consumers in electronic fund transfers, including unauthorized transfers due to fraud. \n15 U.S. Code 1601 : This act requires clear disclosure of credit terms and provides protections against fraudulent billing practices. - 12 U.S. Code 3401-3422 : Governs the access of federal government to the financial records of individuals."
}

Chunk:
been on notice of all of the above, but continues to report this account on my report causing me emotional and financial distress. citizens bank has violated my rights many times over and i will now seek monetary compensation for my efforts being ignored and my life being severely impacted negatively as a direct result of this account being reported illegally. below i have listed all of the us code violations committed by this company and xxxx on my behalf. i have also included letters and proof of these claims to support my claim. make this public declaration be my last attempt to remedy the situation with citizens bank outside of a court. 15 u. s. c. 1692 ( g ) section 809 ( b ). this notice states that your claim is disputed and validation of the account is required. 15 u. s. code 1681b - permissible purposes of consumer reports. i have not given any written permission to this company to report any information on my behalf. - violation of ucc article 9. - fair credit reporting act ( fcra ) 15 u. s. code 1681 : this act governs the accuracy, fairness, and privacy of information in consumer reporting agency files. key sections include : 15 u. s. code 1681c - 2 : block of information resulting from identity theft. 15 u. s. code 1681i : procedure in case of disputed accuracy. 15 u. s. code 1681s - 2 : responsibilities of furnishers of information to consumer reporting agencies. 18 u. s. code 1028 : this law criminalizes identity theft and provides mechanisms for victims to report and remedy fraudulent activity. 15 u. s. code 6801 - 6809 : this act includes provisions to protect the privacy of personal financial information. 15 u. s. code 1693 : provides protections for consumers in electronic fund transfers, including unauthorized transfers due to fraud. 15 u. s. code 1601 : this act requires clear disclosure of credit terms and provides protections against fraudulent billing practices. - 12 u. s. code 3401 - 3422 : governs the access of federal government to the financial records of individuals.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9937251210212708
}
