Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9144194,
  "complaint_id": "9144194",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "The Company Synchrony Bank Lowered the Limit on my Verizon credit card from XXXX to XXXX dollars thus essentially maxing out my card. Thus tanking my score by XXXX points. I have now seen XXXX credit reports showing that I am over the limit on this card they are reporting a limit of XXXX $ but I have a limit of XXXX, and the balance on my card is XXXX thus I am not over my limit. Again this was done for no reason at all just a random act of kindness from a credit issuing bank in an effort to stop me from using a card because they fear that I am not going to pay it or what reason I have no idea..",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "55033",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't increase or decrease your credit limit",
  "text": "The Company Synchrony Bank Lowered the Limit on my Verizon credit card from XXXX to XXXX dollars thus essentially maxing out my card. Thus tanking my score by XXXX points. I have now seen XXXX credit reports showing that I am over the limit on this card they are reporting a limit of XXXX $ but I have a limit of XXXX, and the balance on my card is XXXX thus I am not over my limit. Again this was done for no reason at all just a random act of kindness from a credit issuing bank in an effort to stop me from using a card because they fear that I am not going to pay it or what reason I have no idea.."
}

Chunk:
the company synchrony bank lowered the limit on my verizon credit card from xxxx to xxxx dollars thus essentially maxing out my card. thus tanking my score by xxxx points. i have now seen xxxx credit reports showing that i am over the limit on this card they are reporting a limit of xxxx $ but i have a limit of xxxx, and the balance on my card is xxxx thus i am not over my limit. again this was done for no reason at all just a random act of kindness from a credit issuing bank in an effort to stop me from using a card because they fear that i am not going to pay it or what reason i have no idea..

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994686245918274
}
