Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9026311,
  "complaint_id": "9026311",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am XXXX  and struggling to care for XXXX  parents. My Dad just passed away and my mother has XXXX. paying a caregiver and other expenses for them hadmy credit card debt high. I have great credit with no thirty day past dues, charge offs etc. I contacted my highest creditirs asking for a program that would allow me to get the debt under control. I entered into a debt releif program but unenrolled after understanding the debt would not be paid in full but only a portion. I was taught by Mom that oyu pay for what you charge and to not is stealing. I pride myself although struggling on maintaining my credit and paying my bills. One of my creditors immediately placed me in a program because of my stellar payment history. Chase would not assist and after being told to not call again sent a fradulent unautnorized payment through my account. After refusing to halt the payment being provided proof it was not me I had to file fraud payments with my bank. Subsequently the payment was reversed I payed Chase in full onlu to have them retailate by reporting me to the credit bureau and causing a XXXX point decline in my credit score. I then find today that they close card of over nine years and caused another hit on myh credit score. I have spoken to Chase agents all the way to the corporate level but the retaliation in continuing. This is so heartbreaking for me as I have worked diligently to preserve my credit and credit score. I have spent countless hours on the phone and still it is not resolved. I was assigned someone at the corporate level after beinf denied the CEO 's contact info. His name is XXXX and his number is XXXX XXXX Extension XXXX My Case Number is XXXX. We talked Tuesday but after calling back yesterday to inform him my credit card was cut off there has been no repsonse. I was told the issue would be escalated to his supervisor and I requested a differnt person to work with me. I asked him if they could remove the thirty days pass due from my credit report as I am a long time customer and life happens. All of these issues were beyond my control and I must care for my parents as they age. He said \" I'll look into it ''. He was calling about the fraud complaint. I offered to provide documents proving I did not make the payment removed from my account as I was in academic advising with XXXX XXXX XXXX  and the were willing to provide a statment that I was indeed in a FAFSA meeting with them. He said if needed he would take it later???",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "75104",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "I am XXXX  and struggling to care for XXXX  parents. My Dad just passed away and my mother has XXXX. paying a caregiver and other expenses for them hadmy credit card debt high. I have great credit with no thirty day past dues, charge offs etc. I contacted my highest creditirs asking for a program that would allow me to get the debt under control. I entered into a debt releif program but unenrolled after understanding the debt would not be paid in full but only a portion. I was taught by Mom that oyu pay for what you charge and to not is stealing. I pride myself although struggling on maintaining my credit and paying my bills. One of my creditors immediately placed me in a program because of my stellar payment history. Chase would not assist and after being told to not call again sent a fradulent unautnorized payment through my account. After refusing to halt the payment being provided proof it was not me I had to file fraud payments with my bank. Subsequently the payment was reversed I payed Chase in full onlu to have them retailate by reporting me to the credit bureau and causing a XXXX point decline in my credit score. I then find today that they close card of over nine years and caused another hit on myh credit score. I have spoken to Chase agents all the way to the corporate level but the retaliation in continuing. This is so heartbreaking for me as I have worked diligently to preserve my credit and credit score. I have spent countless hours on the phone and still it is not resolved. I was assigned someone at the corporate level after beinf denied the CEO 's contact info. His name is XXXX and his number is XXXX XXXX Extension XXXX My Case Number is XXXX. We talked Tuesday but after calling back yesterday to inform him my credit card was cut off there has been no repsonse. I was told the issue would be escalated to his supervisor and I requested a differnt person to work with me. I asked him if they could remove the thirty days pass due from my credit report as I am a long time customer and life happens. All of these issues were beyond my control and I must care for my parents as they age. He said \" I'll look into it ''. He was calling about the fraud complaint. I offered to provide documents proving I did not make the payment removed from my account as I was in academic advising with XXXX XXXX XXXX  and the were willing to provide a statment that I was indeed in a FAFSA meeting with them. He said if needed he would take it later???"
}

Chunk:
i am xxxx and struggling to care for xxxx parents. my dad just passed away and my mother has xxxx. paying a caregiver and other expenses for them hadmy credit card debt high. i have great credit with no thirty day past dues, charge offs etc. i contacted my highest creditirs asking for a program that would allow me to get the debt under control. i entered into a debt releif program but unenrolled after understanding the debt would not be paid in full but only a portion. i was taught by mom that oyu pay for what you charge and to not is stealing. i pride myself although struggling on maintaining my credit and paying my bills. one of my creditors immediately placed me in a program because of my stellar payment history. chase would not assist and after being told to not call again sent a fradulent unautnorized payment through my account. after refusing to halt the payment being provided proof it was not me i had to file fraud payments with my bank. subsequently the payment was reversed i payed chase in full onlu to have them retailate by reporting me to the credit bureau and causing a xxxx point decline in my credit score. i then find today that they close card of over nine years and caused another hit on myh credit score. i have spoken to chase agents all the way to the corporate level but the retaliation in continuing. this is so heartbreaking for me as i have worked diligently to preserve my credit and credit score. i have spent countless hours on the phone and still it is not resolved. i was assigned someone at the corporate level after beinf denied the ceo's contact info. his name is xxxx and his number is xxxx xxxx extension xxxx my case number is xxxx. we talked tuesday but after calling back yesterday to inform him my credit card was cut off there has been no repsonse. i was told the issue would be escalated to his supervisor and i requested a differnt person to work with me. i asked him if they could remove the thirty days pass due from my credit report as i am a long time customer and life happens. all of these issues were beyond my control and i must care for my parents as they age. he said " i'll look into it''. he was calling about the fraud complaint. i offered to provide documents proving i did not make the payment removed from my account as i was in academic advising with xxxx xxxx xxxx and the were

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.998019814491272
}
