Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9680960,
  "complaint_id": "9680960",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Early this year I paid off a bunch of my credit cards, immediately after closing these accounts I called the credit card companies and closed the accounts. I had no issue with all but one of them, and the one was Fortiva. I called fortiva after paying off the credit card, and requested that they close the account the representative was hesitant and kept trying to sell me on keeping the card but I insisted he close the account. So he told me he would close the account. I cut the card up and thought nothing more of it until about a month ago I get a notification that the card has annual fees due and that I was late paying them, meaning they never closed the account, I called them and the foreign guy on the line for the card company said to disregard any notification and that the money isnt owed. So I did. About a week ago I get another notification that the balance on that account has now doubled and I start getting angry. I called the company again, I state that I have a balance of over XXXX $ on an account that shouldve been closed in XXXX. He states that the account was closed on XX/XX/year>, this was months after I called to close the account, and theyve just been piling fees up since. The guy on the phone said he would file a balance exemption for me and stated that he believed me and that would clear this up and I should hear back within a few days. Its been a week now and Ive heard nothing, and Im afraid this might impact my credit score, all because a greedy credit card company didnt simply follow my request to close my account in the XXXX. Fortiva credit card company has not been a pleasant experience",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-08-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "398XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Atlanticus Services Corporation",
  "date_received": "2024-08-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Can't close your account",
  "text": "Early this year I paid off a bunch of my credit cards, immediately after closing these accounts I called the credit card companies and closed the accounts. I had no issue with all but one of them, and the one was Fortiva. I called fortiva after paying off the credit card, and requested that they close the account the representative was hesitant and kept trying to sell me on keeping the card but I insisted he close the account. So he told me he would close the account. I cut the card up and thought nothing more of it until about a month ago I get a notification that the card has annual fees due and that I was late paying them, meaning they never closed the account, I called them and the foreign guy on the line for the card company said to disregard any notification and that the money isnt owed. So I did. About a week ago I get another notification that the balance on that account has now doubled and I start getting angry. I called the company again, I state that I have a balance of over XXXX $ on an account that shouldve been closed in XXXX. He states that the account was closed on XX/XX/year>, this was months after I called to close the account, and theyve just been piling fees up since. The guy on the phone said he would file a balance exemption for me and stated that he believed me and that would clear this up and I should hear back within a few days. Its been a week now and Ive heard nothing, and Im afraid this might impact my credit score, all because a greedy credit card company didnt simply follow my request to close my account in the XXXX. Fortiva credit card company has not been a pleasant experience"
}

Chunk:
early this year i paid off a bunch of my credit cards, immediately after closing these accounts i called the credit card companies and closed the accounts. i had no issue with all but one of them, and the one was fortiva. i called fortiva after paying off the credit card, and requested that they close the account the representative was hesitant and kept trying to sell me on keeping the card but i insisted he close the account. so he told me he would close the account. i cut the card up and thought nothing more of it until about a month ago i get a notification that the card has annual fees due and that i was late paying them, meaning they never closed the account, i called them and the foreign guy on the line for the card company said to disregard any notification and that the money isnt owed. so i did. about a week ago i get another notification that the balance on that account has now doubled and i start getting angry. i called the company again, i state that i have a balance of over xxxx $ on an account that shouldve been closed in xxxx. he states that the account was closed on xx / xx / year >, this was months after i called to close the account, and theyve just been piling fees up since. the guy on the phone said he would file a balance exemption for me and stated that he believed me and that would clear this up and i should hear back within a few days. its been a week now and ive heard nothing, and im afraid this might impact my credit score, all because a greedy credit card company didnt simply follow my request to close my account in the xxxx. fortiva credit card company has not been a pleasant experience

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994699358940125
}
