Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9258082,
  "complaint_id": "9258082",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XX/XX/year>, I had major fraud with my bank account and while the bank was resolving this fraud situation. another checking and debit card account was activated. I signed in to place my new checking account online with Barclaybank and it blew it out and did not allow it to hold in place of the old card. They kept calling me, could see on my caller id, and as soon as I answered they would hang up. I was consistently calling and checking my account in XXXX and XXXX. I spoke to XXXX separate people, I have witnesses, on XXXX occasions as they told me my payment was NSF. I advised that my accounts with XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX had fraud on them and that I could not get my new checking account number to stay in the online portal, but that this was not NSF. I made a payment and then they would put it on hold for an extensive amount of time and then credit the payment back. Other payments I was trying to make stated \" unable to locate. I was furious since customer service assisted me on XXXX separate occasions and should have made notes. I should have known when I opened this card that they charged me {$29.00}, and I had no idea until I got back from vacation and checked the card, no mailing or communications. My credit line was {$13000.00}. So at the end of XXXX they advised that I was 30 days late even though I was making payments and I was not since my payment was not due until the XXXX of the following month. So since I had a problem in less than 30 days, they banged my credit advising my account was past 30 days. Also, without checking my credit and seeing I have never had a late and my cards all carry high credit limits, they took it upon themselves to reduce my income to an amount that is absurd and reduce my credit line causing me to have a late, which I have disputed because it wasn't over 30 days and due to fraud. Moreover they took my limited down to where it almost put me over my credit limit. They said they would fix this situation but have done nothing. The last person I spoke to advised that this would be taken care of ; however, he just removed the late charge. Made a payment in XXXX after the customer service rep got the new checking account to stick in the portal. I made {$250.00} and another {$350.00}. Now I look and the payment for {$350.00} is on hold for whatever reason. This is the only credit card company I have had major issues with regarding the fraud I encountered. I never received anything in the mail about being late or through my email from them. Once they took my credit line down and charged me with being late, then I did receive a letter, only letter or correspondence from them. I have many cards and all have low balances and high limits. I am so fed up with the deceptive practices of Barclay Bank.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "85345",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AZ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "XX/XX/year>, I had major fraud with my bank account and while the bank was resolving this fraud situation. another checking and debit card account was activated. I signed in to place my new checking account online with Barclaybank and it blew it out and did not allow it to hold in place of the old card. They kept calling me, could see on my caller id, and as soon as I answered they would hang up. I was consistently calling and checking my account in XXXX and XXXX. I spoke to XXXX separate people, I have witnesses, on XXXX occasions as they told me my payment was NSF. I advised that my accounts with XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX had fraud on them and that I could not get my new checking account number to stay in the online portal, but that this was not NSF. I made a payment and then they would put it on hold for an extensive amount of time and then credit the payment back. Other payments I was trying to make stated \" unable to locate. I was furious since customer service assisted me on XXXX separate occasions and should have made notes. I should have known when I opened this card that they charged me {$29.00}, and I had no idea until I got back from vacation and checked the card, no mailing or communications. My credit line was {$13000.00}. So at the end of XXXX they advised that I was 30 days late even though I was making payments and I was not since my payment was not due until the XXXX of the following month. So since I had a problem in less than 30 days, they banged my credit advising my account was past 30 days. Also, without checking my credit and seeing I have never had a late and my cards all carry high credit limits, they took it upon themselves to reduce my income to an amount that is absurd and reduce my credit line causing me to have a late, which I have disputed because it wasn't over 30 days and due to fraud. Moreover they took my limited down to where it almost put me over my credit limit. They said they would fix this situation but have done nothing. The last person I spoke to advised that this would be taken care of ; however, he just removed the late charge. Made a payment in XXXX after the customer service rep got the new checking account to stick in the portal. I made {$250.00} and another {$350.00}. Now I look and the payment for {$350.00} is on hold for whatever reason. This is the only credit card company I have had major issues with regarding the fraud I encountered. I never received anything in the mail about being late or through my email from them. Once they took my credit line down and charged me with being late, then I did receive a letter, only letter or correspondence from them. I have many cards and all have low balances and high limits. I am so fed up with the deceptive practices of Barclay Bank."
}

Chunk:
look and the payment for { $ 350. 00 } is on hold for whatever reason. this is the only credit card company i have had major issues with regarding the fraud i encountered. i never received anything in the mail about being late or through my email from them. once they took my credit line down and charged me with being late, then i did receive a letter, only letter or correspondence from them. i have many cards and all have low balances and high limits. i am so fed up with the deceptive practices of barclay bank.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9985210299491882
}
