Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9003708,
  "complaint_id": "9003708",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Synchrony Bank XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Dear sir, I re-read the letter created on XX/XX/year> by your company customer service department XXXX Before that, I have checked whether I can open the XXXX XXXX  account of mine offered by your company ; however, it was disappeared. The first page stated your company had created a new replacement card ending XXXX without asking permission of mine. Your company suddenly closed my card ending in XXXX. As I have expressed the strong wish to close the credit card offered by your company due to the issues over the reward certificates, I simply do not want any card from your company, since I can not believe the treatment of your company. Even I told the truth and explained the situation, your company representative treated me as if I did something wrong. Therefore, I do not want to have any relationship with your company. So, it is fine the second page of the website account has been unusable and gone. The previous letter says the reason Rewards have been removed and not applied to your account is due to the account closed. Since I complained I could not use my rewards certificate before the closing of my card, I do not believe your reason of inability of usage of reward certificate account closed is right. I insist that I could not use before the closure of my account. Therefore, I refuse to reopen your company credit card due to the act of infamy to your company which should offer reliable credit card. \nSince I could not open the XXXX  account of your company, I expect you will send me the paper bill to pay the amount of about {$400.00}, which you stated before. \nSincerely,",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "076XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "Synchrony Bank XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Dear sir, I re-read the letter created on XX/XX/year> by your company customer service department XXXX Before that, I have checked whether I can open the XXXX XXXX  account of mine offered by your company ; however, it was disappeared. The first page stated your company had created a new replacement card ending XXXX without asking permission of mine. Your company suddenly closed my card ending in XXXX. As I have expressed the strong wish to close the credit card offered by your company due to the issues over the reward certificates, I simply do not want any card from your company, since I can not believe the treatment of your company. Even I told the truth and explained the situation, your company representative treated me as if I did something wrong. Therefore, I do not want to have any relationship with your company. So, it is fine the second page of the website account has been unusable and gone. The previous letter says the reason Rewards have been removed and not applied to your account is due to the account closed. Since I complained I could not use my rewards certificate before the closing of my card, I do not believe your reason of inability of usage of reward certificate account closed is right. I insist that I could not use before the closure of my account. Therefore, I refuse to reopen your company credit card due to the act of infamy to your company which should offer reliable credit card. \nSince I could not open the XXXX  account of your company, I expect you will send me the paper bill to pay the amount of about {$400.00}, which you stated before. \nSincerely,"
}

Chunk:
synchrony bank xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx dear sir, i re - read the letter created on xx / xx / year > by your company customer service department xxxx before that, i have checked whether i can open the xxxx xxxx account of mine offered by your company ; however, it was disappeared. the first page stated your company had created a new replacement card ending xxxx without asking permission of mine. your company suddenly closed my card ending in xxxx. as i have expressed the strong wish to close the credit card offered by your company due to the issues over the reward certificates, i simply do not want any card from your company, since i can not believe the treatment of your company. even i told the truth and explained the situation, your company representative treated me as if i did something wrong. therefore, i do not want to have any relationship with your company. so, it is fine the second page of the website account has been unusable and gone. the previous letter says the reason rewards have been removed and not applied to your account is due to the account closed. since i complained i could not use my rewards certificate before the closing of my card, i do not believe your reason of inability of usage of reward certificate account closed is right. i insist that i could not use before the closure of my account. therefore, i refuse to reopen your company credit card due to the act of infamy to your company which should offer reliable credit card. since i could not open the xxxx account of your company, i expect you will send me the paper bill to pay the amount of about { $ 400. 00 }, which you stated before. sincerely,

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996337890625
}
