Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9225967,
  "complaint_id": "9225967",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I placed an order online on Home DepotXXXX using my Home Depot credit card. It was for an item priced at XXXX  a vehicle scan tool XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. The item was suppose to be delivered to my address and it never arrived. I never physically received the item nor did I sign for anything which the shipper should have been required to collect considering the amount it costs. I contacted them numerous times and they refuse to help me and tell me I have to pay which is ridiculous to me. How do they expect me to pay for an item I never received?!!! Also the proof that they have ( picture ) of the item being delivered is not my house. I have proof to show that my front entrance is different than the one they claim to have as a XXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) I decided to file a complaint with CFPB to get this resolved outside of court if not I will be seeking legal council and litigating against Home Depot Credit Services.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "92394",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I placed an order online on Home DepotXXXX using my Home Depot credit card. It was for an item priced at XXXX  a vehicle scan tool XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. The item was suppose to be delivered to my address and it never arrived. I never physically received the item nor did I sign for anything which the shipper should have been required to collect considering the amount it costs. I contacted them numerous times and they refuse to help me and tell me I have to pay which is ridiculous to me. How do they expect me to pay for an item I never received?!!! Also the proof that they have ( picture ) of the item being delivered is not my house. I have proof to show that my front entrance is different than the one they claim to have as a XXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) I decided to file a complaint with CFPB to get this resolved outside of court if not I will be seeking legal council and litigating against Home Depot Credit Services."
}

Chunk:
i placed an order online on home depotxxxx using my home depot credit card. it was for an item priced at xxxx a vehicle scan tool xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx. the item was suppose to be delivered to my address and it never arrived. i never physically received the item nor did i sign for anything which the shipper should have been required to collect considering the amount it costs. i contacted them numerous times and they refuse to help me and tell me i have to pay which is ridiculous to me. how do they expect me to pay for an item i never received?!!! also the proof that they have ( picture ) of the item being delivered is not my house. i have proof to show that my front entrance is different than the one they claim to have as a xxxx ( xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx ) i decided to file a complaint with cfpb to get this resolved outside of court if not i will be seeking legal council and litigating against home depot credit services.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996529817581177
}
