Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9098565,
  "complaint_id": "9098565",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to formally file a complaint against Capital One regarding their ongoing harassment, failure to acknowledge my XXXX XXXX  bankruptcy filing and incorrect reporting on my credit report for two credit cards included in my bankruptcy. \n\nIn XX/XX/2023, I filed for XXXX XXXX bankruptcy, which was subsequently approved as of XX/XX/2023. As part of the bankruptcy proceedings, two credit cards issued by Capital One were included in the filing. Despite this, Capital One has persistently contacted me regarding late payments and has continued to report these accounts as delinquent on my credit report. Moreover, these accounts have not been closed as requested. This conduct is not only distressing but also illegal under consumer protection laws. \n\nI request that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau take the following actions : Cease and Desist Telephone Communications : According to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ), 15 U.S. Code 1692c, a consumer has the right to request that a debt collector cease communication. Therefore, I demand that Capital One cease all telephone communications immediately. All future communications should be conducted in writing. \n\nAcknowledge Bankruptcy Filing : Capital One must acknowledge the inclusion of my credit card accounts in my XXXX XXXX  bankruptcy filing. The continuous attempts to collect a debt discharged in bankruptcy are in violation of the Bankruptcy Code, specifically 11 U.S. Code 524, which enjoins creditors from attempting to collect discharged debts. \n\nCorrect Credit Reporting : Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), Capital One is obligated to ensure that the information reported to credit bureaus is accurate. As these debts were discharged in bankruptcy, they can not be reported as delinquent. I demand that Capital One correct my credit report to reflect the accurate status of these accounts and remove any negative information related to these discharged debts.\n\nClose Accounts : I request that Capital One immediately close the accounts in question, as they were included in the bankruptcy filing and should not remain open. \n\nRequest for Financial Reparations : Due to the distress and anguish caused by Capital One 's actions, I am requesting financial reparations of {$1000.00}. If this matter is not resolved satisfactorily, I may be compelled to file an official judicial request against the company for negligence in their reporting and failure to acknowledge my bankruptcy filing.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Struggling to pay your bill",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "443XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Filed for bankruptcy",
  "text": "I am writing to formally file a complaint against Capital One regarding their ongoing harassment, failure to acknowledge my XXXX XXXX  bankruptcy filing and incorrect reporting on my credit report for two credit cards included in my bankruptcy. \n\nIn XX/XX/2023, I filed for XXXX XXXX bankruptcy, which was subsequently approved as of XX/XX/2023. As part of the bankruptcy proceedings, two credit cards issued by Capital One were included in the filing. Despite this, Capital One has persistently contacted me regarding late payments and has continued to report these accounts as delinquent on my credit report. Moreover, these accounts have not been closed as requested. This conduct is not only distressing but also illegal under consumer protection laws. \n\nI request that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau take the following actions : Cease and Desist Telephone Communications : According to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ), 15 U.S. Code 1692c, a consumer has the right to request that a debt collector cease communication. Therefore, I demand that Capital One cease all telephone communications immediately. All future communications should be conducted in writing. \n\nAcknowledge Bankruptcy Filing : Capital One must acknowledge the inclusion of my credit card accounts in my XXXX XXXX  bankruptcy filing. The continuous attempts to collect a debt discharged in bankruptcy are in violation of the Bankruptcy Code, specifically 11 U.S. Code 524, which enjoins creditors from attempting to collect discharged debts. \n\nCorrect Credit Reporting : Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), Capital One is obligated to ensure that the information reported to credit bureaus is accurate. As these debts were discharged in bankruptcy, they can not be reported as delinquent. I demand that Capital One correct my credit report to reflect the accurate status of these accounts and remove any negative information related to these discharged debts.\n\nClose Accounts : I request that Capital One immediately close the accounts in question, as they were included in the bankruptcy filing and should not remain open. \n\nRequest for Financial Reparations : Due to the distress and anguish caused by Capital One 's actions, I am requesting financial reparations of {$1000.00}. If this matter is not resolved satisfactorily, I may be compelled to file an official judicial request against the company for negligence in their reporting and failure to acknowledge my bankruptcy filing."
}

Chunk:
i am writing to formally file a complaint against capital one regarding their ongoing harassment, failure to acknowledge my xxxx xxxx bankruptcy filing and incorrect reporting on my credit report for two credit cards included in my bankruptcy. in xx / xx / 2023, i filed for xxxx xxxx bankruptcy, which was subsequently approved as of xx / xx / 2023. as part of the bankruptcy proceedings, two credit cards issued by capital one were included in the filing. despite this, capital one has persistently contacted me regarding late payments and has continued to report these accounts as delinquent on my credit report. moreover, these accounts have not been closed as requested. this conduct is not only distressing but also illegal under consumer protection laws. i request that the consumer financial protection bureau take the following actions : cease and desist telephone communications : according to the fair debt collection practices act ( fdcpa ), 15 u. s. code 1692c, a consumer has the right to request that a debt collector cease communication. therefore, i demand that capital one cease all telephone communications immediately. all future communications should be conducted in writing. acknowledge bankruptcy filing : capital one must acknowledge the inclusion of my credit card accounts in my xxxx xxxx bankruptcy filing. the continuous attempts to collect a debt discharged in bankruptcy are in violation of the bankruptcy code, specifically 11 u. s. code 524, which enjoins creditors from attempting to collect discharged debts. correct credit reporting : under the fair credit reporting act ( fcra ), capital one is obligated to ensure that the information reported to credit bureaus is accurate. as these debts were discharged in bankruptcy, they can not be reported as delinquent. i demand that capital one correct my credit report to reflect the accurate status of these accounts and remove any negative information related to these discharged debts. close accounts : i request that capital one immediately close the accounts in question, as they were included in the bankruptcy filing and should not remain open. request for financial reparations : due to the distress and anguish caused by capital one's actions, i am requesting financial reparations of { $ 1000. 00 }. if this matter is not resolved satisfactorily, i may be compelled to file an official judicial request against the company for negligence in their reporting and failure to acknowledge my bankruptcy filing.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988917708396912
}
