Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9112734,
  "complaint_id": "9112734",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On Sunday XX/XX/XXXX, while purchasing a mattress at XXXX XXXX I decided to check what credit cards may offer cash back on a XXXXXXXX XXXX purchase. After checking each Banking App that I have, my Capital One Savor Card stated that I could receive 6 % shopping credit ( Earn credits for shopping ). I have screenshots as evidence. After speaking with the cashier and my wife, we all believed that If I used the Savor One card for the purchase, I will receive a 6 % credit ( {$120.00} ). We subsequently purchased the mattress at {$2100.00} On Tuesday XXXX, XXXX, I reviewed my account and did not see any evidence of a credit on the purchase. I called Capital One to explain the situation and I believed it to be misleading advertising. The representative told me that you have had to of clicked on the actual XXXX XXXX link 6 % and purchase the mattress via the store website through the app and that they couldn't give me the {$120.00} credit as any credit given is through the merchant, not Capital One. I asked to speak with the supervisor and we went back and forth while I had my Capital One account open in front of me on the desk top this time. Nowhere on the screen does it state that in order to obtain the shopping credits you need to actually click on the link and make the purchase via the online Portal. I explained to the supervisor that Capital One is unlike other banking institutions with cash back offers such as XXXX that make it clear and easy to understand the cash back/credit rules. The Supervisor agreed that in my case they could understand why I would think this but there is nothing they could do as it is the merchant that offers the credit, not Capital One. After airing my frustrations and asking them to at least credit me, they told me my best option was to return to the store, cancel the order and buy through the app to receive the credit. As a loyal customer I was left disappointed and told them that I will end my business with them the next day. After discussing with my wife, we both agreed that Capital One misleads it's customers by false advertising claims.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "43214",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Confusing or misleading advertising about the credit card",
  "text": "On Sunday XX/XX/XXXX, while purchasing a mattress at XXXX XXXX I decided to check what credit cards may offer cash back on a XXXXXXXX XXXX purchase. After checking each Banking App that I have, my Capital One Savor Card stated that I could receive 6 % shopping credit ( Earn credits for shopping ). I have screenshots as evidence. After speaking with the cashier and my wife, we all believed that If I used the Savor One card for the purchase, I will receive a 6 % credit ( {$120.00} ). We subsequently purchased the mattress at {$2100.00} On Tuesday XXXX, XXXX, I reviewed my account and did not see any evidence of a credit on the purchase. I called Capital One to explain the situation and I believed it to be misleading advertising. The representative told me that you have had to of clicked on the actual XXXX XXXX link 6 % and purchase the mattress via the store website through the app and that they couldn't give me the {$120.00} credit as any credit given is through the merchant, not Capital One. I asked to speak with the supervisor and we went back and forth while I had my Capital One account open in front of me on the desk top this time. Nowhere on the screen does it state that in order to obtain the shopping credits you need to actually click on the link and make the purchase via the online Portal. I explained to the supervisor that Capital One is unlike other banking institutions with cash back offers such as XXXX that make it clear and easy to understand the cash back/credit rules. The Supervisor agreed that in my case they could understand why I would think this but there is nothing they could do as it is the merchant that offers the credit, not Capital One. After airing my frustrations and asking them to at least credit me, they told me my best option was to return to the store, cancel the order and buy through the app to receive the credit. As a loyal customer I was left disappointed and told them that I will end my business with them the next day. After discussing with my wife, we both agreed that Capital One misleads it's customers by false advertising claims."
}

Chunk:
on sunday xx / xx / xxxx, while purchasing a mattress at xxxx xxxx i decided to check what credit cards may offer cash back on a xxxxxxxx xxxx purchase. after checking each banking app that i have, my capital one savor card stated that i could receive 6 % shopping credit ( earn credits for shopping ). i have screenshots as evidence. after speaking with the cashier and my wife, we all believed that if i used the savor one card for the purchase, i will receive a 6 % credit ( { $ 120. 00 } ). we subsequently purchased the mattress at { $ 2100. 00 } on tuesday xxxx, xxxx, i reviewed my account and did not see any evidence of a credit on the purchase. i called capital one to explain the situation and i believed it to be misleading advertising. the representative told me that you have had to of clicked on the actual xxxx xxxx link 6 % and purchase the mattress via the store website through the app and that they couldn't give me the { $ 120. 00 } credit as any credit given is through the merchant, not capital one. i asked to speak with the supervisor and we went back and forth while i had my capital one account open in front of me on the desk top this time. nowhere on the screen does it state that in order to obtain the shopping credits you need to actually click on the link and make the purchase via the online portal. i explained to the supervisor that capital one is unlike other banking institutions with cash back offers such as xxxx that make it clear and easy to understand the cash back / credit rules. the supervisor agreed that in my case they could understand why i would think this but there is nothing they could do as it is the merchant that offers the credit, not capital one. after airing my frustrations and asking them to at least credit me, they told me my best option was to return to the store, cancel the order and buy through the app to receive the credit. as a loyal customer i was left disappointed and told them that i will end my business with them the next day. after discussing with my wife, we both agreed that capital one misleads it's customers by false advertising claims.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9987340569496155
}
