Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9264150,
  "complaint_id": "9264150",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I was planning to use my credit card. I was reviewing my credit report and showed XXXX of my accounts were closed when I look at the Phone app. There is no indication at all that my account is closed and in fact, it shows an available balance. And in fact, next to the available balance is a button to click to explain what the available credit balance means. I made a complaint to the credit bureau to say it was incorrect. Since based on the app. It showed my account was open and I was not given any reason or notice that my account was closed. The bank came back and did not change the information on my credit report. When I contacted the bank directly, they confirmed the account was closed. They refused to tell me verbally what the reason was because they claim, they have no access to that information. They said I would get a reason in the mail-in XXXX weeks. I waited XXXX weeks. I did not receive anything. I called the bank again again. They confirmed it was close. I explained to him how I found the deceptive. How could the account be closed yet? When I look on the app, there is no indication that it is closed and it shows me this in the available balance and there is no indication at all of a close status. Again, they told me they could not give me the informationverbally and they claim they will send again a notice in the mail. \nWhen I when I told them, I wanted this escalated and I was going to file official complaint with the CFPB I was transferred to a supervisor and when I told him he transferred me back to the first line regular customer service after specifically stating before he transferred me, he said. Since you want to escalate this, I need to transfer you. And he put me right back to a regular customer service. SO my problem is this. I find it very deceptive. How I could go on an app seen available balance? No indication in my account is closed yet. My account is closed. Had I not checked my credit report? I could have easily been in a financial problem. Trying to use my credit card and trying to use the amount which the bank is telling me is available to me to use in my credit line. So XXXX I need to find out what the reason was.That they closed it and second of all the bank must stop immediately being deceptive by closing accounts.Yet having it display in the Phone app.There 's an available credit line and making the customer.Believe in this case me that I have an available credit line when.In fact the account is closed",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "11378",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "I was planning to use my credit card. I was reviewing my credit report and showed XXXX of my accounts were closed when I look at the Phone app. There is no indication at all that my account is closed and in fact, it shows an available balance. And in fact, next to the available balance is a button to click to explain what the available credit balance means. I made a complaint to the credit bureau to say it was incorrect. Since based on the app. It showed my account was open and I was not given any reason or notice that my account was closed. The bank came back and did not change the information on my credit report. When I contacted the bank directly, they confirmed the account was closed. They refused to tell me verbally what the reason was because they claim, they have no access to that information. They said I would get a reason in the mail-in XXXX weeks. I waited XXXX weeks. I did not receive anything. I called the bank again again. They confirmed it was close. I explained to him how I found the deceptive. How could the account be closed yet? When I look on the app, there is no indication that it is closed and it shows me this in the available balance and there is no indication at all of a close status. Again, they told me they could not give me the informationverbally and they claim they will send again a notice in the mail. \nWhen I when I told them, I wanted this escalated and I was going to file official complaint with the CFPB I was transferred to a supervisor and when I told him he transferred me back to the first line regular customer service after specifically stating before he transferred me, he said. Since you want to escalate this, I need to transfer you. And he put me right back to a regular customer service. SO my problem is this. I find it very deceptive. How I could go on an app seen available balance? No indication in my account is closed yet. My account is closed. Had I not checked my credit report? I could have easily been in a financial problem. Trying to use my credit card and trying to use the amount which the bank is telling me is available to me to use in my credit line. So XXXX I need to find out what the reason was.That they closed it and second of all the bank must stop immediately being deceptive by closing accounts.Yet having it display in the Phone app.There 's an available credit line and making the customer.Believe in this case me that I have an available credit line when.In fact the account is closed"
}

Chunk:
and making the customer. believe in this case me that i have an available credit line when. in fact the account is closed

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9941748976707458
}
