Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9073910,
  "complaint_id": "9073910",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My personal information and personal cell phone number were stolen by XXXX XXXX to open bank accounts and cards fraudulently since XXXX 2023. All other banks but CitiBank took my police report and other supporting evidence to resolve the related issues. Only CitiBank refused to take my supporting evidence and insisted the Citi Credit Card was opened by me. I filed complaints multi times, CitiBank used the false documents provided by XXXX XXXX when the XXXXXXXX  opened the credit card for the investigations and drew the conclusion. I don't understand how come CitiBank can properly investigate without reviewing the documents from a victim of XXXX XXXX?  One of those reasons CitiBank listed is that \" payments to the credit card were made under my name ''. What's the total payment amount? It's less than {$200.00}, but the XXXX  spent more than $ XXXX with the credit card by using my personal info. fraudulently. Right now, I file a claim again and submit all evidence to support my position. Please have CitiBank reviewed my documents and solve this issue properly. \n\nMoreover, I reserve the right to take legal action.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "11417",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "My personal information and personal cell phone number were stolen by XXXX XXXX to open bank accounts and cards fraudulently since XXXX 2023. All other banks but CitiBank took my police report and other supporting evidence to resolve the related issues. Only CitiBank refused to take my supporting evidence and insisted the Citi Credit Card was opened by me. I filed complaints multi times, CitiBank used the false documents provided by XXXX XXXX when the XXXXXXXX  opened the credit card for the investigations and drew the conclusion. I don't understand how come CitiBank can properly investigate without reviewing the documents from a victim of XXXX XXXX?  One of those reasons CitiBank listed is that \" payments to the credit card were made under my name ''. What's the total payment amount? It's less than {$200.00}, but the XXXX  spent more than $ XXXX with the credit card by using my personal info. fraudulently. Right now, I file a claim again and submit all evidence to support my position. Please have CitiBank reviewed my documents and solve this issue properly. \n\nMoreover, I reserve the right to take legal action."
}

Chunk:
my personal information and personal cell phone number were stolen by xxxx xxxx to open bank accounts and cards fraudulently since xxxx 2023. all other banks but citibank took my police report and other supporting evidence to resolve the related issues. only citibank refused to take my supporting evidence and insisted the citi credit card was opened by me. i filed complaints multi times, citibank used the false documents provided by xxxx xxxx when the xxxxxxxx opened the credit card for the investigations and drew the conclusion. i don't understand how come citibank can properly investigate without reviewing the documents from a victim of xxxx xxxx? one of those reasons citibank listed is that " payments to the credit card were made under my name''. what's the total payment amount? it's less than { $ 200. 00 }, but the xxxx spent more than $ xxxx with the credit card by using my personal info. fraudulently. right now, i file a claim again and submit all evidence to support my position. please have citibank reviewed my documents and solve this issue properly. moreover, i reserve the right to take legal action.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9973862767219543
}
