Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9366950,
  "complaint_id": "9366950",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "on XX/XX/year>| received a call from XXXX at XX/XX/XXXX, I forwarded it to voicemail and they called me back twice so I answered the third time and they said it was my bank calling me due to some suspicious activity on my account. \nThey asked me to look at some charges with me and then actually read off the most recent charges that were on my credit card with me and asked which ones were me and if I recognized any suspicious charges. They then said they already removed a wire transfer that was made to a \" XXXX '' in XXXX FL and they need to move all my money to a new account. I said, \" OKay, do you mind if I put you on hold. '' I called the number they called me on and it is the actual customer service line for Wellsfargo, so. I figured it was them and the fact that they were telling me charges I on my card. They then told me to transfer all the money from my credit card account to my checking and to wire it to this new account under XXXX XXXX. I did it because every time I tried to check by calling the number it went straight to wellsfargo and they made it sound like they were exactly my bank. After the second wire of money I just still had a bad feeling about it, they then asked me what was left in my checking, we also got disconnected and they called me back on XXXX and I thought that was weird because they should be able to see it? then I got a pop up on the app saying that banks do not ask you to wire money ever. I did not know this and so I hung up and it turned out to be scammers. My bank is working on getting this money back but I feel literally sick that they may force me to pay off my credit card now because they just updated that account to what I owe from this scamming. I feel that since they were obviously hacked into my bank account and using wells fargo phone numbers to contact me that I should not be responsible for this. I can't even afford to pay off that much debt right now. I need whatever help I can get please. The bank is refusing to comp any of these charges.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "80211",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CO",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "on XX/XX/year>| received a call from XXXX at XX/XX/XXXX, I forwarded it to voicemail and they called me back twice so I answered the third time and they said it was my bank calling me due to some suspicious activity on my account. \nThey asked me to look at some charges with me and then actually read off the most recent charges that were on my credit card with me and asked which ones were me and if I recognized any suspicious charges. They then said they already removed a wire transfer that was made to a \" XXXX '' in XXXX FL and they need to move all my money to a new account. I said, \" OKay, do you mind if I put you on hold. '' I called the number they called me on and it is the actual customer service line for Wellsfargo, so. I figured it was them and the fact that they were telling me charges I on my card. They then told me to transfer all the money from my credit card account to my checking and to wire it to this new account under XXXX XXXX. I did it because every time I tried to check by calling the number it went straight to wellsfargo and they made it sound like they were exactly my bank. After the second wire of money I just still had a bad feeling about it, they then asked me what was left in my checking, we also got disconnected and they called me back on XXXX and I thought that was weird because they should be able to see it? then I got a pop up on the app saying that banks do not ask you to wire money ever. I did not know this and so I hung up and it turned out to be scammers. My bank is working on getting this money back but I feel literally sick that they may force me to pay off my credit card now because they just updated that account to what I owe from this scamming. I feel that since they were obviously hacked into my bank account and using wells fargo phone numbers to contact me that I should not be responsible for this. I can't even afford to pay off that much debt right now. I need whatever help I can get please. The bank is refusing to comp any of these charges."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / year > | received a call from xxxx at xx / xx / xxxx, i forwarded it to voicemail and they called me back twice so i answered the third time and they said it was my bank calling me due to some suspicious activity on my account. they asked me to look at some charges with me and then actually read off the most recent charges that were on my credit card with me and asked which ones were me and if i recognized any suspicious charges. they then said they already removed a wire transfer that was made to a " xxxx'' in xxxx fl and they need to move all my money to a new account. i said, " okay, do you mind if i put you on hold.'' i called the number they called me on and it is the actual customer service line for wellsfargo, so. i figured it was them and the fact that they were telling me charges i on my card. they then told me to transfer all the money from my credit card account to my checking and to wire it to this new account under xxxx xxxx. i did it because every time i tried to check by calling the number it went straight to wellsfargo and they made it sound like they were exactly my bank. after the second wire of money i just still had a bad feeling about it, they then asked me what was left in my checking, we also got disconnected and they called me back on xxxx and i thought that was weird because they should be able to see it? then i got a pop up on the app saying that banks do not ask you to wire money ever. i did not know this and so i hung up and it turned out to be scammers. my bank is working on getting this money back but i feel literally sick that they may force me to pay off my credit card now because they just updated that account to what i owe from this scamming. i feel that since they were obviously hacked into my bank account and using wells fargo phone numbers to contact me that i should not be responsible for this. i can't even afford to pay off that much debt right now. i need whatever help i can get please. the bank is refusing to comp any of these charges.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996176958084106
}
