Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9325725,
  "complaint_id": "9325725",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I called Bank of America to let them know that my payment for {$1000.00} made on XX/XX/year> did not post to my credit card in which I was an authorized user ending in XXXX. When speaking to the representative I said that I transferred from my personal Bank of America checking using their bill pay. I have a paper trail and provide a confirmation number. She said she could see the payment it is missing they need to research it. Since then they have completely messed everything up. They transferred the payment to a personal credit card I have. \nNow my credit card that I am authorized user is stating I am in default it is going to affect my credit. Plus they also removed another payment I made in XX/XX/XXXX for XXXX and applied it who knows where. I have been dealing with this for weeks spoken to multiple supervisors stating the issue will be resolved. Every time I speak to a supervisor the issue has gotten worse. \n\nIt was very simple pull the calls they are recorded listen to them. All I said was my payment didnt post to my credit card ending in XXXX for XXXX now this has snowballed into a bigger issue. At this point I want to speak to a lawyer because it is affecting my credit and it hasnt been resolved. I had a supervisor call and state the account has been corrected and provided a balance of {$6500.00} again I said the XXXX payment was missing. He than proceeds to review the account and seems confused. \n\nThe worse part someone from complaints called earlier in the day and said they need to escalate because it hasnt been resolved. Once the payment is posted my balance should be roughly around XXXX. So when I told XXXX he seemed confused and said they should handle it. But clearly you said it was already resolved had I not questioned him again I would still be missing a payment of XXXX. I want to pay this card off and no longer have anything to do with them. I have been a loyal customer for years XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX but I know many people have complaints.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "91767",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "I called Bank of America to let them know that my payment for {$1000.00} made on XX/XX/year> did not post to my credit card in which I was an authorized user ending in XXXX. When speaking to the representative I said that I transferred from my personal Bank of America checking using their bill pay. I have a paper trail and provide a confirmation number. She said she could see the payment it is missing they need to research it. Since then they have completely messed everything up. They transferred the payment to a personal credit card I have. \nNow my credit card that I am authorized user is stating I am in default it is going to affect my credit. Plus they also removed another payment I made in XX/XX/XXXX for XXXX and applied it who knows where. I have been dealing with this for weeks spoken to multiple supervisors stating the issue will be resolved. Every time I speak to a supervisor the issue has gotten worse. \n\nIt was very simple pull the calls they are recorded listen to them. All I said was my payment didnt post to my credit card ending in XXXX for XXXX now this has snowballed into a bigger issue. At this point I want to speak to a lawyer because it is affecting my credit and it hasnt been resolved. I had a supervisor call and state the account has been corrected and provided a balance of {$6500.00} again I said the XXXX payment was missing. He than proceeds to review the account and seems confused. \n\nThe worse part someone from complaints called earlier in the day and said they need to escalate because it hasnt been resolved. Once the payment is posted my balance should be roughly around XXXX. So when I told XXXX he seemed confused and said they should handle it. But clearly you said it was already resolved had I not questioned him again I would still be missing a payment of XXXX. I want to pay this card off and no longer have anything to do with them. I have been a loyal customer for years XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX but I know many people have complaints."
}

Chunk:
i called bank of america to let them know that my payment for { $ 1000. 00 } made on xx / xx / year > did not post to my credit card in which i was an authorized user ending in xxxx. when speaking to the representative i said that i transferred from my personal bank of america checking using their bill pay. i have a paper trail and provide a confirmation number. she said she could see the payment it is missing they need to research it. since then they have completely messed everything up. they transferred the payment to a personal credit card i have. now my credit card that i am authorized user is stating i am in default it is going to affect my credit. plus they also removed another payment i made in xx / xx / xxxx for xxxx and applied it who knows where. i have been dealing with this for weeks spoken to multiple supervisors stating the issue will be resolved. every time i speak to a supervisor the issue has gotten worse. it was very simple pull the calls they are recorded listen to them. all i said was my payment didnt post to my credit card ending in xxxx for xxxx now this has snowballed into a bigger issue. at this point i want to speak to a lawyer because it is affecting my credit and it hasnt been resolved. i had a supervisor call and state the account has been corrected and provided a balance of { $ 6500. 00 } again i said the xxxx payment was missing. he than proceeds to review the account and seems confused. the worse part someone from complaints called earlier in the day and said they need to escalate because it hasnt been resolved. once the payment is posted my balance should be roughly around xxxx. so when i told xxxx he seemed confused and said they should handle it. but clearly you said it was already resolved had i not questioned him again i would still be missing a payment of xxxx. i want to pay this card off and no longer have anything to do with them. i have been a loyal customer for years xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx but i know many people have complaints.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992431402206421
}
