Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9133000,
  "complaint_id": "9133000",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "In reference to the case # XXXX. Please reopen this case number the reason is : This case is not solve yet. Fargo Bank never returned my money back, which they imposed on me for these not mine chargers, as they promised they will return. \nAnd they never tried to send me a new Credit Card. Despite all my reports to them. \nI am very much frustrated and mad with Fargo Bank for what they did to me as their costumer. They made me a victim of fraud. Not only that, they allowed someone else to used my identity, also they never protected my Identity, for so long on the top of it all. They blame myself for all of theirs mistake and hold myself accountable for all the changers that occurred on this and related cards, that I never received it from them. Apparently they were stolen from the mail? Also. They ruined my Credit Report. Reporting to them as my fault and that I am late with payments. What a lie! Therefore please assist me with this case again to clear my name from all of this to fix my Credit Report and to get all my payments money back to my checking account. And a new Credit Card as I had applied for it and was approved. \nThank you XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "98225",
  "tags": "Older American, Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "In reference to the case # XXXX. Please reopen this case number the reason is : This case is not solve yet. Fargo Bank never returned my money back, which they imposed on me for these not mine chargers, as they promised they will return. \nAnd they never tried to send me a new Credit Card. Despite all my reports to them. \nI am very much frustrated and mad with Fargo Bank for what they did to me as their costumer. They made me a victim of fraud. Not only that, they allowed someone else to used my identity, also they never protected my Identity, for so long on the top of it all. They blame myself for all of theirs mistake and hold myself accountable for all the changers that occurred on this and related cards, that I never received it from them. Apparently they were stolen from the mail? Also. They ruined my Credit Report. Reporting to them as my fault and that I am late with payments. What a lie! Therefore please assist me with this case again to clear my name from all of this to fix my Credit Report and to get all my payments money back to my checking account. And a new Credit Card as I had applied for it and was approved. \nThank you XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
in reference to the case # xxxx. please reopen this case number the reason is : this case is not solve yet. fargo bank never returned my money back, which they imposed on me for these not mine chargers, as they promised they will return. and they never tried to send me a new credit card. despite all my reports to them. i am very much frustrated and mad with fargo bank for what they did to me as their costumer. they made me a victim of fraud. not only that, they allowed someone else to used my identity, also they never protected my identity, for so long on the top of it all. they blame myself for all of theirs mistake and hold myself accountable for all the changers that occurred on this and related cards, that i never received it from them. apparently they were stolen from the mail? also. they ruined my credit report. reporting to them as my fault and that i am late with payments. what a lie! therefore please assist me with this case again to clear my name from all of this to fix my credit report and to get all my payments money back to my checking account. and a new credit card as i had applied for it and was approved. thank you xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992419481277466
}
