Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9184996,
  "complaint_id": "9184996",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I made a purchase with a merchant for a XXXX microphone. The total was {$9100.00}. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I received a package from the merchant, but it was not what I had ordered. I received a large speaker. After speaking with the merchant via phone, they said that this order was for another customer, provided a Return Authorization Number via email, and instructed me to return their merchandise with a refund guarantee. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I contacted Chase Bank XXXX I requested Chase Bank add notes to my account after it appeared that the merchants shipping department didnt notify their accounting department of their error. I documented this entire process with video evidence from my unboxing. I also included a statement from the merchant apologizing for the error. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I opened a claim with Chase Bank after not receiving my refund from the merchant. Chase Bank did not request any further information from me aside from our initial brief phone call. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I contacted Chase Bank once again via phone to confirm that Chase received three pages of evidence, which I submitted via fax the prior week. In this fax, I include, Please contact me if any further information is required. Chase Bank is gaining a reputation for having poor communication with customers, so I continued to call Chase Bank to request updates during this dispute. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I contacted Chase Bank for an update on my dispute. I was advised that the next step would possibly be arbitration. I stated that once the merchant responds to the claim, please let me know if you need anything further from me to support the dispute. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I logged in to my Chase Bank app to see my claim denied. Chase Bank closed the case without notifying me or requesting any additional information. I was advised that I would find further information in my notices and letters. That was inaccurate. I never received a notification, nor is there a letter of the dispute outcome located anywhere on the Chase Bank app/web. I visited a Chase branch this same day to confirm and for documentation purposes. I was never notified, and this remains true as of XX/XX/XXXX. I wouldnt have known this dispute was closed if I hadnt checked my app and seen the provisional credit removed. Why wasnt I notified of the merchants response? Why wasnt I notified that Chase Bank closed my claim? Why wasnt I asked for additional information to support arbitration? \n\nIve included six pages total that will support my dispute beyond doubt. Pages 1-3 were sent to Chase Bank upon creation of the dispute. Pages 1a-3a were sent to Chase Bank to reopen this dispute, along with additional evidence. \nEveryone should be aware of Chase Banks process and lack of protection. I am preparing to continue escalating my case far beyond this complaint, including retaining legal counsel, because I am committed to having this case investigated and resolved. \nIn the included documentation, I will highlight how Chase Bank favored the merchant in the face of compelling and verifiable evidence that the merchant made an error. Chase Bank was more concerned with closing the case than actually spending time to gather information from me to review it. If potential customers knew that this were Chase Banks process, no one would choose to open an account with Chase Bank over other financial institutions. \nI will continue to document this case and I will transparently release everything. Im expecting a call and a follow up from Chase Bank. Im expecting communication throughout the remaining life of this dispute. Not just a call stating that Chase Bank received this complaint. I believe Chase Bank will attempt to brush over this complaint, as they do so many of their customers, so I am prepared to escalate this matter far beyond this first step. The merchant is refusing to correct their error. Chase Bank has the power to bring this dispute to arbitration, but Chase has shown the merchant favor by closing this dispute in the face of overwhelming evidence. Please review the 6 pages that I have attached to see how Chase Banks dispute department ignored all of my requests to submit further information and how Chase Bank allowed me to get scammed by the merchant who is attempting to cover their errors.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "85254",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AZ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I made a purchase with a merchant for a XXXX microphone. The total was {$9100.00}. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I received a package from the merchant, but it was not what I had ordered. I received a large speaker. After speaking with the merchant via phone, they said that this order was for another customer, provided a Return Authorization Number via email, and instructed me to return their merchandise with a refund guarantee. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I contacted Chase Bank XXXX I requested Chase Bank add notes to my account after it appeared that the merchants shipping department didnt notify their accounting department of their error. I documented this entire process with video evidence from my unboxing. I also included a statement from the merchant apologizing for the error. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I opened a claim with Chase Bank after not receiving my refund from the merchant. Chase Bank did not request any further information from me aside from our initial brief phone call. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I contacted Chase Bank once again via phone to confirm that Chase received three pages of evidence, which I submitted via fax the prior week. In this fax, I include, Please contact me if any further information is required. Chase Bank is gaining a reputation for having poor communication with customers, so I continued to call Chase Bank to request updates during this dispute. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I contacted Chase Bank for an update on my dispute. I was advised that the next step would possibly be arbitration. I stated that once the merchant responds to the claim, please let me know if you need anything further from me to support the dispute. \nXXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I logged in to my Chase Bank app to see my claim denied. Chase Bank closed the case without notifying me or requesting any additional information. I was advised that I would find further information in my notices and letters. That was inaccurate. I never received a notification, nor is there a letter of the dispute outcome located anywhere on the Chase Bank app/web. I visited a Chase branch this same day to confirm and for documentation purposes. I was never notified, and this remains true as of XX/XX/XXXX. I wouldnt have known this dispute was closed if I hadnt checked my app and seen the provisional credit removed. Why wasnt I notified of the merchants response? Why wasnt I notified that Chase Bank closed my claim? Why wasnt I asked for additional information to support arbitration? \n\nIve included six pages total that will support my dispute beyond doubt. Pages 1-3 were sent to Chase Bank upon creation of the dispute. Pages 1a-3a were sent to Chase Bank to reopen this dispute, along with additional evidence. \nEveryone should be aware of Chase Banks process and lack of protection. I am preparing to continue escalating my case far beyond this complaint, including retaining legal counsel, because I am committed to having this case investigated and resolved. \nIn the included documentation, I will highlight how Chase Bank favored the merchant in the face of compelling and verifiable evidence that the merchant made an error. Chase Bank was more concerned with closing the case than actually spending time to gather information from me to review it. If potential customers knew that this were Chase Banks process, no one would choose to open an account with Chase Bank over other financial institutions. \nI will continue to document this case and I will transparently release everything. Im expecting a call and a follow up from Chase Bank. Im expecting communication throughout the remaining life of this dispute. Not just a call stating that Chase Bank received this complaint. I believe Chase Bank will attempt to brush over this complaint, as they do so many of their customers, so I am prepared to escalate this matter far beyond this first step. The merchant is refusing to correct their error. Chase Bank has the power to bring this dispute to arbitration, but Chase has shown the merchant favor by closing this dispute in the face of overwhelming evidence. Please review the 6 pages that I have attached to see how Chase Banks dispute department ignored all of my requests to submit further information and how Chase Bank allowed me to get scammed by the merchant who is attempting to cover their errors."
}

Chunk:
xxxx xx / xx / xxxx, i made a purchase with a merchant for a xxxx microphone. the total was { $ 9100. 00 }. xxxx xx / xx / xxxx, i received a package from the merchant, but it was not what i had ordered. i received a large speaker. after speaking with the merchant via phone, they said that this order was for another customer, provided a return authorization number via email, and instructed me to return their merchandise with a refund guarantee. xxxx xx / xx / xxxx, i contacted chase bank xxxx i requested chase bank add notes to my account after it appeared that the merchants shipping department didnt notify their accounting department of their error. i documented this entire process with video evidence from my unboxing. i also included a statement from the merchant apologizing for the error. xxxx xx / xx / xxxx, i opened a claim with chase bank after not receiving my refund from the merchant. chase bank did not request any further information from me aside from our initial brief phone call. xxxx xx / xx / xxxx, i contacted chase bank once again via phone to confirm that chase received three pages of evidence, which i submitted via fax the prior week. in this fax, i include, please contact me if any further information is required. chase bank is gaining a reputation for having poor communication with customers, so i continued to call chase bank to request updates during this dispute. xxxx xx / xx / xxxx, i contacted chase bank for an update on my dispute. i was advised that the next step would possibly be arbitration. i stated that once the merchant responds to the claim, please let me know if you need anything further from me to support the dispute. xxxx xx / xx / xxxx, i logged in to my chase bank app to see my claim denied. chase bank closed the case without notifying me or requesting any additional information. i was advised that i would find further information in my notices and letters. that was inaccurate. i never received a notification, nor is there a letter of the dispute outcome located anywhere on the chase bank app / web. i visited a chase branch this same day to confirm and for documentation purposes. i was never notified, and this remains true as of xx / xx / xxxx. i wouldnt have known this dispute was closed if i hadnt checked my app and seen the provisional credit removed. why wasnt i notified of the merchants response? why wasn

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994539618492126
}
