Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9440817,
  "complaint_id": "9440817",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Over 5 years ago I got a credit card Double points with Citi. I signed up for the credit under certain conditions and based on those conditions i made my decision to accept this credit card. All was great and this was my favorite XXXX to use over last 5-7 years. I was charged interest after the billing cycle ended. However the XXXX company, Citi changed those conditions this year o a variable type of interest charged per day or so, still feels like a scam the way they charge those interest fees. \nNow with those conditions changed so far after I signed for this XXXX I feel trapped because I could close this XXXX since i don't agree with their change but that will affect my credit score. \nI cant keep this credit card either because with new condition I end up paying huge interest fees. For example, this month i paid my XXXX well in advance before due date by XXXX weeks, yet for XXXX week I was charged XXXX $ in interest with the new variable rates they have and with a total of XXXX $ charged in interest this year alone. I am very responsible with my credit cards and never had such outrageous charges on interest with this XXXX or other XXXX I consider a scam thaT XXXX conditions were changed for existing costumers since i is like a contract and I made the decision o sign up for this CC based on how conditions were at that time. Hope this will end up with a collective law suit, as a costumer XXXX XXXX lied and scammed. I already closed my bank account with this scam company and wish it was as easy to close my XXXX yet will affect my credit score. \nCostumer service is not helpful either as they keep long holds and multiple transfers from agent to agent so the costumer gets tired and quits the call before issue is resolved. \nXXXX. I request to have the interest fee charged for XXXX $ refunded since i have paid my XXXX well in advance by XXXX weeks from the due date. \nXXXX o have XXXX condition changed to how it was when I made the decision to sign up for this XXXX. \nXXXX Recalculate the interest charged for this year to reflect previous conditions- the ones that were in effect when I signed up for this credit card",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CO",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Charged too much interest",
  "text": "Over 5 years ago I got a credit card Double points with Citi. I signed up for the credit under certain conditions and based on those conditions i made my decision to accept this credit card. All was great and this was my favorite XXXX to use over last 5-7 years. I was charged interest after the billing cycle ended. However the XXXX company, Citi changed those conditions this year o a variable type of interest charged per day or so, still feels like a scam the way they charge those interest fees. \nNow with those conditions changed so far after I signed for this XXXX I feel trapped because I could close this XXXX since i don't agree with their change but that will affect my credit score. \nI cant keep this credit card either because with new condition I end up paying huge interest fees. For example, this month i paid my XXXX well in advance before due date by XXXX weeks, yet for XXXX week I was charged XXXX $ in interest with the new variable rates they have and with a total of XXXX $ charged in interest this year alone. I am very responsible with my credit cards and never had such outrageous charges on interest with this XXXX or other XXXX I consider a scam thaT XXXX conditions were changed for existing costumers since i is like a contract and I made the decision o sign up for this CC based on how conditions were at that time. Hope this will end up with a collective law suit, as a costumer XXXX XXXX lied and scammed. I already closed my bank account with this scam company and wish it was as easy to close my XXXX yet will affect my credit score. \nCostumer service is not helpful either as they keep long holds and multiple transfers from agent to agent so the costumer gets tired and quits the call before issue is resolved. \nXXXX. I request to have the interest fee charged for XXXX $ refunded since i have paid my XXXX well in advance by XXXX weeks from the due date. \nXXXX o have XXXX condition changed to how it was when I made the decision to sign up for this XXXX. \nXXXX Recalculate the interest charged for this year to reflect previous conditions- the ones that were in effect when I signed up for this credit card"
}

Chunk:
over 5 years ago i got a credit card double points with citi. i signed up for the credit under certain conditions and based on those conditions i made my decision to accept this credit card. all was great and this was my favorite xxxx to use over last 5 - 7 years. i was charged interest after the billing cycle ended. however the xxxx company, citi changed those conditions this year o a variable type of interest charged per day or so, still feels like a scam the way they charge those interest fees. now with those conditions changed so far after i signed for this xxxx i feel trapped because i could close this xxxx since i don't agree with their change but that will affect my credit score. i cant keep this credit card either because with new condition i end up paying huge interest fees. for example, this month i paid my xxxx well in advance before due date by xxxx weeks, yet for xxxx week i was charged xxxx $ in interest with the new variable rates they have and with a total of xxxx $ charged in interest this year alone. i am very responsible with my credit cards and never had such outrageous charges on interest with this xxxx or other xxxx i consider a scam that xxxx conditions were changed for existing costumers since i is like a contract and i made the decision o sign up for this cc based on how conditions were at that time. hope this will end up with a collective law suit, as a costumer xxxx xxxx lied and scammed. i already closed my bank account with this scam company and wish it was as easy to close my xxxx yet will affect my credit score. costumer service is not helpful either as they keep long holds and multiple transfers from agent to agent so the costumer gets tired and quits the call before issue is resolved. xxxx. i request to have the interest fee charged for xxxx $ refunded since i have paid my xxxx well in advance by xxxx weeks from the due date. xxxx o have xxxx condition changed to how it was when i made the decision to sign up for this xxxx. xxxx recalculate the interest charged for this year to reflect previous conditions - the ones that were in effect when i signed up for this credit card

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991090893745422
}
