Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9158903,
  "complaint_id": "9158903",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I was scammed by a woman through XXXX XXXX  and a guy pretending to work for XXXX the woman sent me an offer to buy a TV. I was selling through the XXXX  and her and this guy pretending to work for XXXX had me send money to them and I tried to stop it but the bank refused to They said I have to wait until the charge posts and this morning I called because the charge wasnt posted until Saturday and the representative and manager are refusing to help me. They dont want to give me my money back they said because I did it as a friends and family but I told them that thats what the guy told me to do to send the money as a friends and family through XXXX . I was selling a tv on XXXX offering pick up only. A woman named XXXX sent me an offer and I accepted. She said that she had XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and ca n't drive and was hoping to have her sister pick up the tv. She asked me for the pickup address and my number. Which I then gave her. She then said that she can pay with XXXX, XXXX, or XXXX. I told her XXXX. She then asked me for my XXXX information, and I gave her the tag name to send the money. She then said she tried to send the money and said that XXXX needs my email address to confirm it with XXXX. She said I should be receiving my money soon. She sent a screenshot of the XXXX app asking for an email address for the recipient to confirm the payment. I told her it should've worked so when it didn't work, I gave her my email address. She said she must has to confirm my email address because she is using a business account and it has extra security steps. She asked me if I received a confirmation email. Which I did from the email address XXXX. In the email it said I received a payment for the amount of {$150.00} but that I have to make a business account and the buyer will send {$450.00} in addition to the {$150.00}. I then called the number listed in my email from them and a guy named XXXX spoke to me. He said I need to send {$410.00} to XXXX on XXXX. The transaction was declined, and he said to send the money to XXXX. I then sent the money. He said the error is still on my account and to send more money to remove the error. He told me to send {$350.00} but that got declined so he told me to send {$250.00} and to select friends and family and put friend in the memo. He said it still had an error and asked me to send more money, but I told him I don't have time for this. I will not be sending any more money. I told him I have to go and to just cancel it. He then said it's too late to cancel it then hung up on me and called me about 30 minutes later. I decided to ignore the call and called my creditor to dispute the charges. They told me I have to wait until the charges post. The rep told me this is most likely a scam. I tried to dispute it with XXXX but they refused to refund me. Every time XXXX asked me to send money he gave me a different email address. When I told the woman I won't be able to continue with the sale she said I have to continue I have no choice. I tried to get Chase to do a chargeback but they refused to do anything. They told me it was my fault and I will be required to pay for the scam transaction. I just want my money back. I don't think it's right that a credit card company allows a scammer to keep money they shouldn't get to keep.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "10705",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I was scammed by a woman through XXXX XXXX  and a guy pretending to work for XXXX the woman sent me an offer to buy a TV. I was selling through the XXXX  and her and this guy pretending to work for XXXX had me send money to them and I tried to stop it but the bank refused to They said I have to wait until the charge posts and this morning I called because the charge wasnt posted until Saturday and the representative and manager are refusing to help me. They dont want to give me my money back they said because I did it as a friends and family but I told them that thats what the guy told me to do to send the money as a friends and family through XXXX . I was selling a tv on XXXX offering pick up only. A woman named XXXX sent me an offer and I accepted. She said that she had XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and ca n't drive and was hoping to have her sister pick up the tv. She asked me for the pickup address and my number. Which I then gave her. She then said that she can pay with XXXX, XXXX, or XXXX. I told her XXXX. She then asked me for my XXXX information, and I gave her the tag name to send the money. She then said she tried to send the money and said that XXXX needs my email address to confirm it with XXXX. She said I should be receiving my money soon. She sent a screenshot of the XXXX app asking for an email address for the recipient to confirm the payment. I told her it should've worked so when it didn't work, I gave her my email address. She said she must has to confirm my email address because she is using a business account and it has extra security steps. She asked me if I received a confirmation email. Which I did from the email address XXXX. In the email it said I received a payment for the amount of {$150.00} but that I have to make a business account and the buyer will send {$450.00} in addition to the {$150.00}. I then called the number listed in my email from them and a guy named XXXX spoke to me. He said I need to send {$410.00} to XXXX on XXXX. The transaction was declined, and he said to send the money to XXXX. I then sent the money. He said the error is still on my account and to send more money to remove the error. He told me to send {$350.00} but that got declined so he told me to send {$250.00} and to select friends and family and put friend in the memo. He said it still had an error and asked me to send more money, but I told him I don't have time for this. I will not be sending any more money. I told him I have to go and to just cancel it. He then said it's too late to cancel it then hung up on me and called me about 30 minutes later. I decided to ignore the call and called my creditor to dispute the charges. They told me I have to wait until the charges post. The rep told me this is most likely a scam. I tried to dispute it with XXXX but they refused to refund me. Every time XXXX asked me to send money he gave me a different email address. When I told the woman I won't be able to continue with the sale she said I have to continue I have no choice. I tried to get Chase to do a chargeback but they refused to do anything. They told me it was my fault and I will be required to pay for the scam transaction. I just want my money back. I don't think it's right that a credit card company allows a scammer to keep money they shouldn't get to keep."
}

Chunk:
still on my account and to send more money to remove the error. he told me to send { $ 350. 00 } but that got declined so he told me to send { $ 250. 00 } and to select friends and family and put friend in the memo. he said it still had an error and asked me to send more money, but i told him i don't have time for this. i will not be sending any more money. i told him i have to go and to just cancel it. he then said it's too late to cancel it then hung up on me and called me about 30 minutes later. i decided to ignore the call and called my creditor to dispute the charges. they told me i have to wait until the charges post. the rep told me this is most likely a scam. i tried to dispute it with xxxx but they refused to refund me. every time xxxx asked me to send money he gave me a different email address. when i told the woman i won't be able to continue with the sale she said i have to continue i have no choice. i tried to get chase to do a chargeback but they refused to do anything. they told me it was my fault and i will be required to pay for the scam transaction. i just want my money back. i don't think it's right that a credit card company allows a scammer to keep money they shouldn't get to keep.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994656443595886
}
