Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9179521,
  "complaint_id": "9179521",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I applied for a capitol one savor card in the middle of XXXX on XXXX XXXX I clicked on the card details and if gave me a list of benefits etc for this specific card. I found the terms and rates good for what i wanted ( 15 month 0 % APR ) and then after that was your usual interest rate. It also came with a few others such as {$200.00} credit after spending x amount in the first three months ( Which i did ) anyways this is not the case. I realized on my first statement i was charged interest and have not received the {$200.00} credit like i applied for. I called and capitol one stated i did not apply for that card with those benefits. I went back to the application process that i originally filled out and again that is what was on the application and terms. After verifying i indeed applied for that card ( going through the entire process again without submitting it ) I explained to them there is a mistake somehow. They then told me since i did not do it off their website they couldnt do anything and that i again selected the card with \" fair '' credit and not excellent credit. Nowhere in the process of doing the application was there an option to choose anything like that. I went back to the application AGAIN on credit karma and when you hit continue to go through the application it brings you to capitol ones website to finish the application so saying it didnt do it on thier site is a LIE. It DID. And under those terms it was the same information i had applied for. All the information on the card details was the same that i applied for and yet theyre saying thats not correct. I have applied for two other cards in the previous year through third party and never got scammed like this both of those cards were exactly what i applied for. OMG. They wont do a single thing or let me talk to anyone they keep blowing me off and saying they cant convert the card WHICH TO I APPLIED FOR. This makes zero sense how they can SCAM people into this XXXX. THIS IS SERIOUSLY FRAUD AND UNACCEPTABLE. I havent been this mad in a long time this XXXX is ILLEGAL",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "563XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "I applied for a capitol one savor card in the middle of XXXX on XXXX XXXX I clicked on the card details and if gave me a list of benefits etc for this specific card. I found the terms and rates good for what i wanted ( 15 month 0 % APR ) and then after that was your usual interest rate. It also came with a few others such as {$200.00} credit after spending x amount in the first three months ( Which i did ) anyways this is not the case. I realized on my first statement i was charged interest and have not received the {$200.00} credit like i applied for. I called and capitol one stated i did not apply for that card with those benefits. I went back to the application process that i originally filled out and again that is what was on the application and terms. After verifying i indeed applied for that card ( going through the entire process again without submitting it ) I explained to them there is a mistake somehow. They then told me since i did not do it off their website they couldnt do anything and that i again selected the card with \" fair '' credit and not excellent credit. Nowhere in the process of doing the application was there an option to choose anything like that. I went back to the application AGAIN on credit karma and when you hit continue to go through the application it brings you to capitol ones website to finish the application so saying it didnt do it on thier site is a LIE. It DID. And under those terms it was the same information i had applied for. All the information on the card details was the same that i applied for and yet theyre saying thats not correct. I have applied for two other cards in the previous year through third party and never got scammed like this both of those cards were exactly what i applied for. OMG. They wont do a single thing or let me talk to anyone they keep blowing me off and saying they cant convert the card WHICH TO I APPLIED FOR. This makes zero sense how they can SCAM people into this XXXX. THIS IS SERIOUSLY FRAUD AND UNACCEPTABLE. I havent been this mad in a long time this XXXX is ILLEGAL"
}

Chunk:
i applied for a capitol one savor card in the middle of xxxx on xxxx xxxx i clicked on the card details and if gave me a list of benefits etc for this specific card. i found the terms and rates good for what i wanted ( 15 month 0 % apr ) and then after that was your usual interest rate. it also came with a few others such as { $ 200. 00 } credit after spending x amount in the first three months ( which i did ) anyways this is not the case. i realized on my first statement i was charged interest and have not received the { $ 200. 00 } credit like i applied for. i called and capitol one stated i did not apply for that card with those benefits. i went back to the application process that i originally filled out and again that is what was on the application and terms. after verifying i indeed applied for that card ( going through the entire process again without submitting it ) i explained to them there is a mistake somehow. they then told me since i did not do it off their website they couldnt do anything and that i again selected the card with " fair'' credit and not excellent credit. nowhere in the process of doing the application was there an option to choose anything like that. i went back to the application again on credit karma and when you hit continue to go through the application it brings you to capitol ones website to finish the application so saying it didnt do it on thier site is a lie. it did. and under those terms it was the same information i had applied for. all the information on the card details was the same that i applied for and yet theyre saying thats not correct. i have applied for two other cards in the previous year through third party and never got scammed like this both of those cards were exactly what i applied for. omg. they wont do a single thing or let me talk to anyone they keep blowing me off and saying they cant convert the card which to i applied for. this makes zero sense how they can scam people into this xxxx. this is seriously fraud and unacceptable. i havent been this mad in a long time this xxxx is illegal

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995680451393127
}
