Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9276742,
  "complaint_id": "9276742",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX I purchased a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  card for {$4200.00}. XXXX uses an authentic guarantee program that the card was sent to prior to coming to me. When I received the card, it was the incorrect card and another card. I contacted XXXX who did their investigation and confirmed that I was sent the incorrect card. XXXX had requested that I send back the card that I received in order to process my refund. I sent back the card which I have proof was delivered to them and then I didn't hear anything from them for over 2 weeks. At that point I opened a dispute with synchrony bank and a day later XXXX advised me that their ticket was closed as soon as I dispute the charge with my financial institution. Long story short, I have disputed this charge more than 6 times and have not had any luck getting the amount of {$4400.00} overturned. I have provided proof of delivery, confirmation that they received it, emails from XXXX advising them they they were going to provide my refund, emails from XXXX apologizing for the inconveniencie. I am approaching my wits end with this as they have turned down my dispute again as of recent and this is a large purchases. I need help getting this dispute over turned. I have lots of documentation that I have provided synchrony bank and I am happy to provide that again.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "85023",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AZ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "XXXX I purchased a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  card for {$4200.00}. XXXX uses an authentic guarantee program that the card was sent to prior to coming to me. When I received the card, it was the incorrect card and another card. I contacted XXXX who did their investigation and confirmed that I was sent the incorrect card. XXXX had requested that I send back the card that I received in order to process my refund. I sent back the card which I have proof was delivered to them and then I didn't hear anything from them for over 2 weeks. At that point I opened a dispute with synchrony bank and a day later XXXX advised me that their ticket was closed as soon as I dispute the charge with my financial institution. Long story short, I have disputed this charge more than 6 times and have not had any luck getting the amount of {$4400.00} overturned. I have provided proof of delivery, confirmation that they received it, emails from XXXX advising them they they were going to provide my refund, emails from XXXX apologizing for the inconveniencie. I am approaching my wits end with this as they have turned down my dispute again as of recent and this is a large purchases. I need help getting this dispute over turned. I have lots of documentation that I have provided synchrony bank and I am happy to provide that again."
}

Chunk:
xxxx i purchased a xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx card for { $ 4200. 00 }. xxxx uses an authentic guarantee program that the card was sent to prior to coming to me. when i received the card, it was the incorrect card and another card. i contacted xxxx who did their investigation and confirmed that i was sent the incorrect card. xxxx had requested that i send back the card that i received in order to process my refund. i sent back the card which i have proof was delivered to them and then i didn't hear anything from them for over 2 weeks. at that point i opened a dispute with synchrony bank and a day later xxxx advised me that their ticket was closed as soon as i dispute the charge with my financial institution. long story short, i have disputed this charge more than 6 times and have not had any luck getting the amount of { $ 4400. 00 } overturned. i have provided proof of delivery, confirmation that they received it, emails from xxxx advising them they they were going to provide my refund, emails from xxxx apologizing for the inconveniencie. i am approaching my wits end with this as they have turned down my dispute again as of recent and this is a large purchases. i need help getting this dispute over turned. i have lots of documentation that i have provided synchrony bank and i am happy to provide that again.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.993638813495636
}
