Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9432752,
  "complaint_id": "9432752",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/year>, I logged onto the XXXX XXXX website to purchase round-trip tickets for a flight to XXXX. As part of the purchase process, there was an offer to apply for a Citibank XXXX XXXX Advantage Credit Card. By doing so, I was told I would get a {$200.00} credit. I applied for the card and received an approval email. However, before I could complete the transaction I was cut off from the website. I went back in and re-entered all my flight information. When I reached the section for the payment there was no record of my approval. I called XXXX XXXX and was told by a supervisor there that I had to speak with Citibank. When I called Citibank, I was told that, unfortunately, NO ONE IN THE ENTIRE MULTI-BILLION DOLLAR INSTITUTION could provide me with the temporary card number to complete my transaction. Their website only shows a truncated card number with just the last four digits showing. No one could provide it! I asked for a supervisor and after holding for quite some time I was informed by him that there was nothing ANYONE in the company could do and that I would need to pay for the tickets with another credit card, even though they had pulled my credit and approved me FOR THAT SPECIFIC TRANSACTION! What if I did not have another card? They pulled my credit based on the offer they advertised and approved me, but then did not allow me to complete the transaction they advertised! I will NOT receive the bonus and they have a {$99.00} annual fee on top of it. This is unacceptable. The Supervisor, XXXX who said that his ID # is XXXX, said that I should simply \" move on and use another card! '' He kept talking over me and would not allow me to even tell him the details of the experience. I, thus, was not able to complete the advertised transaction after applying and getting approved! This is false advertising, and a multi-billion federally Insured financial institution should have processes in place when making offers like this, Also, nothing in my approval e-mail indicated what interest rate I was approved for! They advertised a range. When I was approved, they should have told me the rate I was approved at so I could accept or decline! At their level, they really should have all these things down, and a Supervisor should have been able to help. I was told that I had to write a letter and send it to a XXXX XXXX at Citibank in XXXX XXXX. None of this helped me purchase the airline tickets I was promised I could purchase in real time. If companies are going to make offers like that they should be responsible for carrying through. I need to know that they will be held accountable for this.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "91107",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "On XX/XX/year>, I logged onto the XXXX XXXX website to purchase round-trip tickets for a flight to XXXX. As part of the purchase process, there was an offer to apply for a Citibank XXXX XXXX Advantage Credit Card. By doing so, I was told I would get a {$200.00} credit. I applied for the card and received an approval email. However, before I could complete the transaction I was cut off from the website. I went back in and re-entered all my flight information. When I reached the section for the payment there was no record of my approval. I called XXXX XXXX and was told by a supervisor there that I had to speak with Citibank. When I called Citibank, I was told that, unfortunately, NO ONE IN THE ENTIRE MULTI-BILLION DOLLAR INSTITUTION could provide me with the temporary card number to complete my transaction. Their website only shows a truncated card number with just the last four digits showing. No one could provide it! I asked for a supervisor and after holding for quite some time I was informed by him that there was nothing ANYONE in the company could do and that I would need to pay for the tickets with another credit card, even though they had pulled my credit and approved me FOR THAT SPECIFIC TRANSACTION! What if I did not have another card? They pulled my credit based on the offer they advertised and approved me, but then did not allow me to complete the transaction they advertised! I will NOT receive the bonus and they have a {$99.00} annual fee on top of it. This is unacceptable. The Supervisor, XXXX who said that his ID # is XXXX, said that I should simply \" move on and use another card! '' He kept talking over me and would not allow me to even tell him the details of the experience. I, thus, was not able to complete the advertised transaction after applying and getting approved! This is false advertising, and a multi-billion federally Insured financial institution should have processes in place when making offers like this, Also, nothing in my approval e-mail indicated what interest rate I was approved for! They advertised a range. When I was approved, they should have told me the rate I was approved at so I could accept or decline! At their level, they really should have all these things down, and a Supervisor should have been able to help. I was told that I had to write a letter and send it to a XXXX XXXX at Citibank in XXXX XXXX. None of this helped me purchase the airline tickets I was promised I could purchase in real time. If companies are going to make offers like that they should be responsible for carrying through. I need to know that they will be held accountable for this."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / year >, i logged onto the xxxx xxxx website to purchase round - trip tickets for a flight to xxxx. as part of the purchase process, there was an offer to apply for a citibank xxxx xxxx advantage credit card. by doing so, i was told i would get a { $ 200. 00 } credit. i applied for the card and received an approval email. however, before i could complete the transaction i was cut off from the website. i went back in and re - entered all my flight information. when i reached the section for the payment there was no record of my approval. i called xxxx xxxx and was told by a supervisor there that i had to speak with citibank. when i called citibank, i was told that, unfortunately, no one in the entire multi - billion dollar institution could provide me with the temporary card number to complete my transaction. their website only shows a truncated card number with just the last four digits showing. no one could provide it! i asked for a supervisor and after holding for quite some time i was informed by him that there was nothing anyone in the company could do and that i would need to pay for the tickets with another credit card, even though they had pulled my credit and approved me for that specific transaction! what if i did not have another card? they pulled my credit based on the offer they advertised and approved me, but then did not allow me to complete the transaction they advertised! i will not receive the bonus and they have a { $ 99. 00 } annual fee on top of it. this is unacceptable. the supervisor, xxxx who said that his id # is xxxx, said that i should simply " move on and use another card!'' he kept talking over me and would not allow me to even tell him the details of the experience. i, thus, was not able to complete the advertised transaction after applying and getting approved! this is false advertising, and a multi - billion federally insured financial institution should have processes in place when making offers like this, also, nothing in my approval e - mail indicated what interest rate i was approved for! they advertised a range. when i was approved, they should have told me the rate i was approved at so i could accept or decline! at their level, they really should have all these things down, and a supervisor should have been able to help. i was told that i had to write a letter and send it to a

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9997397065162659
}
