Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9446358,
  "complaint_id": "9446358",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I need help with a dispute with concert tickets Im trying to dispute concert tickets and my credit card company sent me a letter with this Please provide a written letter of support from a merchant providing the same type of service, on their letterhead, dated and signed, supporting your claim that the service was of poor quality..The letter should concur with the dollar amount you are disputing. How the XXXX am I suppose to get another ticket company to write me a letter of support if they all have the same rules most likely? I tried to email all different ticket services and they were all bot responses. So I dont know what to do. Just for reference I went to a XXXX XXXX XXXX concert the concert was scheduled for 3 hours but due to unforeseen circumstances it lasted 40 minutes while I waited drenched in sweat by the heat. I disputed these tickets under not satisfied by service. However my credit card company said I must get a letter from a different merchant in my favor which is virtually impossible.\n\nThe event was advertised as a three-hour performance starting at XXXX XXXX. However, due to a delay announced by the event organizers, XXXX XXXX XXXX did not take the stage until XXXX XXXX, resulting in a significantly shortened performance lasting only 40 minutes, ending at XXXX XXXX. \nWhile I understand that delays can occur due to unforeseen weather conditions, it is my contention that if the show had started at its scheduled time of XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX would have been able to perform for at least two hours before the thunderstorm. Instead, the delay of three hours caused significant inconvenience and discomfort, as I had to wait in hot and humid conditions with no clear communication from the event organizers about the length of the delay. \nAs a paying customer, I feel that I did not receive the service that was advertised and paid for. The tickets were explicitly purchased for a three-hour show, not a three-hour delay followed by a brief 40-minute performance. This significant deviation from the expected service constitutes a failure to deliver the product as advertised.\n\nIn light of the above circumstances, I requested a full refund of {$440.00} to be credited back to my account.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "01453",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "U.S. BANCORP",
  "date_received": "2024-07-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I need help with a dispute with concert tickets Im trying to dispute concert tickets and my credit card company sent me a letter with this Please provide a written letter of support from a merchant providing the same type of service, on their letterhead, dated and signed, supporting your claim that the service was of poor quality..The letter should concur with the dollar amount you are disputing. How the XXXX am I suppose to get another ticket company to write me a letter of support if they all have the same rules most likely? I tried to email all different ticket services and they were all bot responses. So I dont know what to do. Just for reference I went to a XXXX XXXX XXXX concert the concert was scheduled for 3 hours but due to unforeseen circumstances it lasted 40 minutes while I waited drenched in sweat by the heat. I disputed these tickets under not satisfied by service. However my credit card company said I must get a letter from a different merchant in my favor which is virtually impossible.\n\nThe event was advertised as a three-hour performance starting at XXXX XXXX. However, due to a delay announced by the event organizers, XXXX XXXX XXXX did not take the stage until XXXX XXXX, resulting in a significantly shortened performance lasting only 40 minutes, ending at XXXX XXXX. \nWhile I understand that delays can occur due to unforeseen weather conditions, it is my contention that if the show had started at its scheduled time of XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX would have been able to perform for at least two hours before the thunderstorm. Instead, the delay of three hours caused significant inconvenience and discomfort, as I had to wait in hot and humid conditions with no clear communication from the event organizers about the length of the delay. \nAs a paying customer, I feel that I did not receive the service that was advertised and paid for. The tickets were explicitly purchased for a three-hour show, not a three-hour delay followed by a brief 40-minute performance. This significant deviation from the expected service constitutes a failure to deliver the product as advertised.\n\nIn light of the above circumstances, I requested a full refund of {$440.00} to be credited back to my account."
}

Chunk:
i need help with a dispute with concert tickets im trying to dispute concert tickets and my credit card company sent me a letter with this please provide a written letter of support from a merchant providing the same type of service, on their letterhead, dated and signed, supporting your claim that the service was of poor quality.. the letter should concur with the dollar amount you are disputing. how the xxxx am i suppose to get another ticket company to write me a letter of support if they all have the same rules most likely? i tried to email all different ticket services and they were all bot responses. so i dont know what to do. just for reference i went to a xxxx xxxx xxxx concert the concert was scheduled for 3 hours but due to unforeseen circumstances it lasted 40 minutes while i waited drenched in sweat by the heat. i disputed these tickets under not satisfied by service. however my credit card company said i must get a letter from a different merchant in my favor which is virtually impossible. the event was advertised as a three - hour performance starting at xxxx xxxx. however, due to a delay announced by the event organizers, xxxx xxxx xxxx did not take the stage until xxxx xxxx, resulting in a significantly shortened performance lasting only 40 minutes, ending at xxxx xxxx. while i understand that delays can occur due to unforeseen weather conditions, it is my contention that if the show had started at its scheduled time of xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx xxxx would have been able to perform for at least two hours before the thunderstorm. instead, the delay of three hours caused significant inconvenience and discomfort, as i had to wait in hot and humid conditions with no clear communication from the event organizers about the length of the delay. as a paying customer, i feel that i did not receive the service that was advertised and paid for. the tickets were explicitly purchased for a three - hour show, not a three - hour delay followed by a brief 40 - minute performance. this significant deviation from the expected service constitutes a failure to deliver the product as advertised. in light of the above circumstances, i requested a full refund of { $ 440. 00 } to be credited back to my account.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996854066848755
}
