Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9050936,
  "complaint_id": "9050936",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX and XXXX an influx of charges that were done in XXXX XXXX were not flagged by my credit card company, Capital One, for over a month. They were only detected because I saw them on a statement. Upon its discovery I filed several documents to the fraud team and they said it would be up to a 60 day wait. It has now exceeded that time, and when I asked for the 5th time about the reimbursement of the charges, they told me documents had to be sent in again because the account was restricted. Though the restricted account is still taking payments from my bank account, the fraud team says nothing can be done until the account is reinstated. It is my belief that the fraud department is outsourced explaining why I have more access to my account than they do. Interest charges are still being charged every month for the outstanding balance because of the fraud, and no reimbursement has been made. I have expressed to them several times that an XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  I bought was purchased on my card on the same day someone bought expensive jewelry in XXXX, so the fraud should be easy to prove for reimbursement. The company has taken no action for over 6 months now. The charges that happened in XXXX are as follows : XXXX XXXX XXXX - XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  The company has full access to multiple documents regarding my claim, since I had already filed before they disregarded the claim with no action.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "11106",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX and XXXX an influx of charges that were done in XXXX XXXX were not flagged by my credit card company, Capital One, for over a month. They were only detected because I saw them on a statement. Upon its discovery I filed several documents to the fraud team and they said it would be up to a 60 day wait. It has now exceeded that time, and when I asked for the 5th time about the reimbursement of the charges, they told me documents had to be sent in again because the account was restricted. Though the restricted account is still taking payments from my bank account, the fraud team says nothing can be done until the account is reinstated. It is my belief that the fraud department is outsourced explaining why I have more access to my account than they do. Interest charges are still being charged every month for the outstanding balance because of the fraud, and no reimbursement has been made. I have expressed to them several times that an XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  I bought was purchased on my card on the same day someone bought expensive jewelry in XXXX, so the fraud should be easy to prove for reimbursement. The company has taken no action for over 6 months now. The charges that happened in XXXX are as follows : XXXX XXXX XXXX - XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  The company has full access to multiple documents regarding my claim, since I had already filed before they disregarded the claim with no action."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx and xxxx an influx of charges that were done in xxxx xxxx were not flagged by my credit card company, capital one, for over a month. they were only detected because i saw them on a statement. upon its discovery i filed several documents to the fraud team and they said it would be up to a 60 day wait. it has now exceeded that time, and when i asked for the 5th time about the reimbursement of the charges, they told me documents had to be sent in again because the account was restricted. though the restricted account is still taking payments from my bank account, the fraud team says nothing can be done until the account is reinstated. it is my belief that the fraud department is outsourced explaining why i have more access to my account than they do. interest charges are still being charged every month for the outstanding balance because of the fraud, and no reimbursement has been made. i have expressed to them several times that an xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx i bought was purchased on my card on the same day someone bought expensive jewelry in xxxx, so the fraud should be easy to prove for reimbursement. the company has taken no action for over 6 months now. the charges that happened in xxxx are as follows : xxxx xxxx xxxx - xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx the company has full access to multiple documents regarding my claim, since i had already filed before they disregarded the claim with no action.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9984972476959229
}
