Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9271124,
  "complaint_id": "9271124",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On or around XX/XX/year>, I lost my Fortiva credit card issued by the XXXX XXXX XXXX There were multiple charges made that I did not make. The card was lost and the fraudulent charges were made while I was on vacation with my family. I noticed the card was missing and the charges on about XXXX XXXX. When I returned home a few days after, I reviewed my online account and documented the fraudulent charges. On or about XX/XX/XXXX, I contacted the customer service department to notify them of the lost card and fraudulent charges. A few weeks later, I received a letter from Fortiva stating that the fraudulent charges were my responsibility due to not contacting them at the exact moment I noticed my card had been lost and fraudulent charges were made. I attempted to contact them again regarding this and they only stated the process was closed and they deem me responsible for the charges. From information I found online regarding the Fair Credit Reporting Act and federal law pertaining to disputing fraudulent charges, I was not and am not bound by any law stating that I have to contact the credit card the same day I notice the fraudulent charges. This company is ignoring federal law and the FCRA by holding me responsible for these charges and reporting my account as past due as I have not and will not pay for charges that I did not make. Any assistance is very much appreciated. Thank you!",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "32137",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Atlanticus Services Corporation",
  "date_received": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "On or around XX/XX/year>, I lost my Fortiva credit card issued by the XXXX XXXX XXXX There were multiple charges made that I did not make. The card was lost and the fraudulent charges were made while I was on vacation with my family. I noticed the card was missing and the charges on about XXXX XXXX. When I returned home a few days after, I reviewed my online account and documented the fraudulent charges. On or about XX/XX/XXXX, I contacted the customer service department to notify them of the lost card and fraudulent charges. A few weeks later, I received a letter from Fortiva stating that the fraudulent charges were my responsibility due to not contacting them at the exact moment I noticed my card had been lost and fraudulent charges were made. I attempted to contact them again regarding this and they only stated the process was closed and they deem me responsible for the charges. From information I found online regarding the Fair Credit Reporting Act and federal law pertaining to disputing fraudulent charges, I was not and am not bound by any law stating that I have to contact the credit card the same day I notice the fraudulent charges. This company is ignoring federal law and the FCRA by holding me responsible for these charges and reporting my account as past due as I have not and will not pay for charges that I did not make. Any assistance is very much appreciated. Thank you!"
}

Chunk:
on or around xx / xx / year >, i lost my fortiva credit card issued by the xxxx xxxx xxxx there were multiple charges made that i did not make. the card was lost and the fraudulent charges were made while i was on vacation with my family. i noticed the card was missing and the charges on about xxxx xxxx. when i returned home a few days after, i reviewed my online account and documented the fraudulent charges. on or about xx / xx / xxxx, i contacted the customer service department to notify them of the lost card and fraudulent charges. a few weeks later, i received a letter from fortiva stating that the fraudulent charges were my responsibility due to not contacting them at the exact moment i noticed my card had been lost and fraudulent charges were made. i attempted to contact them again regarding this and they only stated the process was closed and they deem me responsible for the charges. from information i found online regarding the fair credit reporting act and federal law pertaining to disputing fraudulent charges, i was not and am not bound by any law stating that i have to contact the credit card the same day i notice the fraudulent charges. this company is ignoring federal law and the fcra by holding me responsible for these charges and reporting my account as past due as i have not and will not pay for charges that i did not make. any assistance is very much appreciated. thank you!

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9901044964790344
}
