Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9585520,
  "complaint_id": "9585520",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I took a flight from XXXX, HI to XXXX, CA and picked up a credit card offer that was advertised by the flight attendants. The flight attendants announced that if you get the credit card offer with the promo code, you will earn XXXX miles with any purchase. \nThe flight attendant said it could be as small as {$1.00}. This was announced to the entire plane multiple times. I took the paper application with the promo code. There was no URL on the ad so I didn't know where to apply. I XXXX it and applied for the card on the Barclay 's website, but there was no space for the promo code. I did not realize on the website that as I clicked through my entire application was submitted. I thought there would be more steps and the promo code box might show at the end, but it never appeared. \n\nI contacted Barclays and they are telling me there is nothing they can do and that I have to spend {$2000.00} to get the XXXX miles. I even emailed them my promo code to apply to my account. I then called and they said the promotion changes every day, and that if I reapply I may get less miles and a different offer. \n\nSince this did not work out right, I did more online searching to see if I could find more information on the offer. I then found this website that described the offer and it has been available since XX/XX/2024, so the offer has not been changing everyday. \nXXXX XXXX XXXX This website then has a link to apply to the website where there is a box for the promo code. XXXX XXXX XXXX I applied again here with the promo code, but it said my application has already been submitted ( through the Barclays website ) XXXX \n\nIt should not matter where I applied ( they made it difficult to find ). Barclays manages the XXXX XXXX card. If they are offering this promotion, they need to honor it. Otherwise, this is false advertising and deceptive. Maybe it's something I can take up further with XXXX XXXX, but this has been frustrating and I feel misled.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "92618",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "I took a flight from XXXX, HI to XXXX, CA and picked up a credit card offer that was advertised by the flight attendants. The flight attendants announced that if you get the credit card offer with the promo code, you will earn XXXX miles with any purchase. \nThe flight attendant said it could be as small as {$1.00}. This was announced to the entire plane multiple times. I took the paper application with the promo code. There was no URL on the ad so I didn't know where to apply. I XXXX it and applied for the card on the Barclay 's website, but there was no space for the promo code. I did not realize on the website that as I clicked through my entire application was submitted. I thought there would be more steps and the promo code box might show at the end, but it never appeared. \n\nI contacted Barclays and they are telling me there is nothing they can do and that I have to spend {$2000.00} to get the XXXX miles. I even emailed them my promo code to apply to my account. I then called and they said the promotion changes every day, and that if I reapply I may get less miles and a different offer. \n\nSince this did not work out right, I did more online searching to see if I could find more information on the offer. I then found this website that described the offer and it has been available since XX/XX/2024, so the offer has not been changing everyday. \nXXXX XXXX XXXX This website then has a link to apply to the website where there is a box for the promo code. XXXX XXXX XXXX I applied again here with the promo code, but it said my application has already been submitted ( through the Barclays website ) XXXX \n\nIt should not matter where I applied ( they made it difficult to find ). Barclays manages the XXXX XXXX card. If they are offering this promotion, they need to honor it. Otherwise, this is false advertising and deceptive. Maybe it's something I can take up further with XXXX XXXX, but this has been frustrating and I feel misled."
}

Chunk:
i took a flight from xxxx, hi to xxxx, ca and picked up a credit card offer that was advertised by the flight attendants. the flight attendants announced that if you get the credit card offer with the promo code, you will earn xxxx miles with any purchase. the flight attendant said it could be as small as { $ 1. 00 }. this was announced to the entire plane multiple times. i took the paper application with the promo code. there was no url on the ad so i didn't know where to apply. i xxxx it and applied for the card on the barclay's website, but there was no space for the promo code. i did not realize on the website that as i clicked through my entire application was submitted. i thought there would be more steps and the promo code box might show at the end, but it never appeared. i contacted barclays and they are telling me there is nothing they can do and that i have to spend { $ 2000. 00 } to get the xxxx miles. i even emailed them my promo code to apply to my account. i then called and they said the promotion changes every day, and that if i reapply i may get less miles and a different offer. since this did not work out right, i did more online searching to see if i could find more information on the offer. i then found this website that described the offer and it has been available since xx / xx / 2024, so the offer has not been changing everyday. xxxx xxxx xxxx this website then has a link to apply to the website where there is a box for the promo code. xxxx xxxx xxxx i applied again here with the promo code, but it said my application has already been submitted ( through the barclays website ) xxxx it should not matter where i applied ( they made it difficult to find ). barclays manages the xxxx xxxx card. if they are offering this promotion, they need to honor it. otherwise, this is false advertising and deceptive. maybe it's something i can take up further with xxxx xxxx, but this has been frustrating and i feel misled.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994519352912903
}
