Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9131911,
  "complaint_id": "9131911",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "In late XXXX and early XXXX as I traveled frequently outside the US, my Chase credit card account was cloned or somehow used fraudulently without my knowledge or approval for goods or services I never approved or used. It would happen randomly over time, and each time I notified Chase of the issue, either through text, online chat, app, or phone call. They would investigate and find it was fraudulent as well. Several times I asked if it could be prevented or if I could get a new card, but they never completed that request. Then later in XXXX, Chase closed all of my accounts ( not just the affected credit card ) without notice. They have refused to open accounts since, even though it was fraudulent activity from identity theft ( and some incompetence in their own prevention teams ). \n\nI am unable to see any history since the accounts are closed, otherwise I could point out the several XXXX dollars of fraudulent charges they let through on my account, and the many message I sent to their customer service teams about the issue. \n\nAdditionally, since that time I still receive nearly weekly offers from Chase, may of which are pre-approved since my credit score is so high ( well above XXXX at all XXXX credit reporting agencies ). Thinking they have corrected their mistake, I have responded to a few. The account gets opened, the card arrives, and then gets canceled immediately. At this point I'm not sure if it's miscommunication among departments at Chase or harassment. But either way, it can be damaging to my credit history and score. \n\nI have sent several requests to get this fixed, but have never heard a specific reason for their inappropriate action. There is only generic message responses like : \" We closed your credit card account on XX/XX/XXXX, because we closed a previous credit card. '' Which doesn't explain anything. Direct emails and calls to the executive office have not been responded to either. \n\nTo make this crystal clear, I have included a FTC identity theft report that also covers my history with this fraudulent charges on the account. And what may be other potential violations of federal law like the Truth in Lending and CARD acts, I think a reasonable resolution is listed below.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "80207",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CO",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "In late XXXX and early XXXX as I traveled frequently outside the US, my Chase credit card account was cloned or somehow used fraudulently without my knowledge or approval for goods or services I never approved or used. It would happen randomly over time, and each time I notified Chase of the issue, either through text, online chat, app, or phone call. They would investigate and find it was fraudulent as well. Several times I asked if it could be prevented or if I could get a new card, but they never completed that request. Then later in XXXX, Chase closed all of my accounts ( not just the affected credit card ) without notice. They have refused to open accounts since, even though it was fraudulent activity from identity theft ( and some incompetence in their own prevention teams ). \n\nI am unable to see any history since the accounts are closed, otherwise I could point out the several XXXX dollars of fraudulent charges they let through on my account, and the many message I sent to their customer service teams about the issue. \n\nAdditionally, since that time I still receive nearly weekly offers from Chase, may of which are pre-approved since my credit score is so high ( well above XXXX at all XXXX credit reporting agencies ). Thinking they have corrected their mistake, I have responded to a few. The account gets opened, the card arrives, and then gets canceled immediately. At this point I'm not sure if it's miscommunication among departments at Chase or harassment. But either way, it can be damaging to my credit history and score. \n\nI have sent several requests to get this fixed, but have never heard a specific reason for their inappropriate action. There is only generic message responses like : \" We closed your credit card account on XX/XX/XXXX, because we closed a previous credit card. '' Which doesn't explain anything. Direct emails and calls to the executive office have not been responded to either. \n\nTo make this crystal clear, I have included a FTC identity theft report that also covers my history with this fraudulent charges on the account. And what may be other potential violations of federal law like the Truth in Lending and CARD acts, I think a reasonable resolution is listed below."
}

Chunk:
in late xxxx and early xxxx as i traveled frequently outside the us, my chase credit card account was cloned or somehow used fraudulently without my knowledge or approval for goods or services i never approved or used. it would happen randomly over time, and each time i notified chase of the issue, either through text, online chat, app, or phone call. they would investigate and find it was fraudulent as well. several times i asked if it could be prevented or if i could get a new card, but they never completed that request. then later in xxxx, chase closed all of my accounts ( not just the affected credit card ) without notice. they have refused to open accounts since, even though it was fraudulent activity from identity theft ( and some incompetence in their own prevention teams ). i am unable to see any history since the accounts are closed, otherwise i could point out the several xxxx dollars of fraudulent charges they let through on my account, and the many message i sent to their customer service teams about the issue. additionally, since that time i still receive nearly weekly offers from chase, may of which are pre - approved since my credit score is so high ( well above xxxx at all xxxx credit reporting agencies ). thinking they have corrected their mistake, i have responded to a few. the account gets opened, the card arrives, and then gets canceled immediately. at this point i'm not sure if it's miscommunication among departments at chase or harassment. but either way, it can be damaging to my credit history and score. i have sent several requests to get this fixed, but have never heard a specific reason for their inappropriate action. there is only generic message responses like : " we closed your credit card account on xx / xx / xxxx, because we closed a previous credit card.'' which doesn't explain anything. direct emails and calls to the executive office have not been responded to either. to make this crystal clear, i have included a ftc identity theft report that also covers my history with this fraudulent charges on the account. and what may be other potential violations of federal law like the truth in lending and card acts, i think a reasonable resolution is listed below.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992886781692505
}
