Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9035477,
  "complaint_id": "9035477",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX XXXX Chase Bank XXXX XXXX : Discrepancy Regarding Business Credit Card on Personal Credit Report To Whom It May Concern, I am writing to address a serious issue related to my business account with Chase Bank. I opened a business account under my companys tax ID and name. During the account setup process, I was informed that my business was approved for a credit card specifically tied to the company. \n\nHowever, I recently discovered that this credit card account has appeared on my personal credit report. This is highly concerning because it was never intended to be associated with my personal credit history. I have yearly credit reports, and until now, Chase was never listed there. \n\nThe sudden appearance of this credit card on my personal credit report has caused significant confusion and potential harm. It appears as though I have a personal credit card with Chase, which is not accurate. This false information could even be perceived as fraudulent. \n\nI kindly request that Chase Bank investigates this matter promptly and takes the necessary steps to remove the credit card account from my personal credit report. I believe this is a mistake, and it is negatively impacting my creditworthiness. \n\nThank you for your attention to this matter. I hope for a swift resolution. Please feel free to contact me at XXXX if you require any further information. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Improper use of your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "89108",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NV",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit inquiries on your report that you don't recognize",
  "text": "XXXX XXXX Chase Bank XXXX XXXX : Discrepancy Regarding Business Credit Card on Personal Credit Report To Whom It May Concern, I am writing to address a serious issue related to my business account with Chase Bank. I opened a business account under my companys tax ID and name. During the account setup process, I was informed that my business was approved for a credit card specifically tied to the company. \n\nHowever, I recently discovered that this credit card account has appeared on my personal credit report. This is highly concerning because it was never intended to be associated with my personal credit history. I have yearly credit reports, and until now, Chase was never listed there. \n\nThe sudden appearance of this credit card on my personal credit report has caused significant confusion and potential harm. It appears as though I have a personal credit card with Chase, which is not accurate. This false information could even be perceived as fraudulent. \n\nI kindly request that Chase Bank investigates this matter promptly and takes the necessary steps to remove the credit card account from my personal credit report. I believe this is a mistake, and it is negatively impacting my creditworthiness. \n\nThank you for your attention to this matter. I hope for a swift resolution. Please feel free to contact me at XXXX if you require any further information. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
xxxx xxxx chase bank xxxx xxxx : discrepancy regarding business credit card on personal credit report to whom it may concern, i am writing to address a serious issue related to my business account with chase bank. i opened a business account under my companys tax id and name. during the account setup process, i was informed that my business was approved for a credit card specifically tied to the company. however, i recently discovered that this credit card account has appeared on my personal credit report. this is highly concerning because it was never intended to be associated with my personal credit history. i have yearly credit reports, and until now, chase was never listed there. the sudden appearance of this credit card on my personal credit report has caused significant confusion and potential harm. it appears as though i have a personal credit card with chase, which is not accurate. this false information could even be perceived as fraudulent. i kindly request that chase bank investigates this matter promptly and takes the necessary steps to remove the credit card account from my personal credit report. i believe this is a mistake, and it is negatively impacting my creditworthiness. thank you for your attention to this matter. i hope for a swift resolution. please feel free to contact me at xxxx if you require any further information. sincerely, xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9977425336837769
}
