Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9348990,
  "complaint_id": "9348990",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have had a Home Depot card for 3 years which is run by Citi - who Ive had countless issues with on personal cards. I rarely use my HD card any longer and always check bank statements and payments along with making payments on their app. \nIn XXXX or XXXX, I tried making a payment ( Im still unable to check my statements through the app ) and their entire system was down, for multiple days. After being unable to review my payments, statement not being able to review anything, I could not remember if I had owed anything on the card due to making purchases rarely on the card. Just a few days ago, I received a text informing me of a payment due. Again, I went to my app, and the price was steep, yet I was unable to view my statements to review any charges. Upon calling HD, the first rep removed XXXX of XXXX late fees which are incredibly excessive and together were more than what I owed. She could not remove the second fee so she transferred me. I had to state all my info again only to be told that it could not be removed by her either and was now transferred to a XXXX XXXX XXXX Customer service rep, only to be hung up on. I was on the phone for XXXX minutes. I called back and had to go through the process all over again but this time when I was transferred from the initial rep, this woman was horribly rude. She talked over me, refused to allow me to finish statements and was rudely sarcastic and intentionally slow to make a point that I had not spent enough time on the phone. She told me no one could remove the fee and there was nothing I could do. How terrible to inform a loyal customer that has spent XXXX of thousands with HD that I could do nothing. I told her I did not enjoy paying for errors of Citis and how they have collected millions on excessive late fees from customers. Since this is Citis error with their inability to design a working app and the inability to inform their customers that they May experience issues, I feel I should be fully compensated.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "78228",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I have had a Home Depot card for 3 years which is run by Citi - who Ive had countless issues with on personal cards. I rarely use my HD card any longer and always check bank statements and payments along with making payments on their app. \nIn XXXX or XXXX, I tried making a payment ( Im still unable to check my statements through the app ) and their entire system was down, for multiple days. After being unable to review my payments, statement not being able to review anything, I could not remember if I had owed anything on the card due to making purchases rarely on the card. Just a few days ago, I received a text informing me of a payment due. Again, I went to my app, and the price was steep, yet I was unable to view my statements to review any charges. Upon calling HD, the first rep removed XXXX of XXXX late fees which are incredibly excessive and together were more than what I owed. She could not remove the second fee so she transferred me. I had to state all my info again only to be told that it could not be removed by her either and was now transferred to a XXXX XXXX XXXX Customer service rep, only to be hung up on. I was on the phone for XXXX minutes. I called back and had to go through the process all over again but this time when I was transferred from the initial rep, this woman was horribly rude. She talked over me, refused to allow me to finish statements and was rudely sarcastic and intentionally slow to make a point that I had not spent enough time on the phone. She told me no one could remove the fee and there was nothing I could do. How terrible to inform a loyal customer that has spent XXXX of thousands with HD that I could do nothing. I told her I did not enjoy paying for errors of Citis and how they have collected millions on excessive late fees from customers. Since this is Citis error with their inability to design a working app and the inability to inform their customers that they May experience issues, I feel I should be fully compensated."
}

Chunk:
i have had a home depot card for 3 years which is run by citi - who ive had countless issues with on personal cards. i rarely use my hd card any longer and always check bank statements and payments along with making payments on their app. in xxxx or xxxx, i tried making a payment ( im still unable to check my statements through the app ) and their entire system was down, for multiple days. after being unable to review my payments, statement not being able to review anything, i could not remember if i had owed anything on the card due to making purchases rarely on the card. just a few days ago, i received a text informing me of a payment due. again, i went to my app, and the price was steep, yet i was unable to view my statements to review any charges. upon calling hd, the first rep removed xxxx of xxxx late fees which are incredibly excessive and together were more than what i owed. she could not remove the second fee so she transferred me. i had to state all my info again only to be told that it could not be removed by her either and was now transferred to a xxxx xxxx xxxx customer service rep, only to be hung up on. i was on the phone for xxxx minutes. i called back and had to go through the process all over again but this time when i was transferred from the initial rep, this woman was horribly rude. she talked over me, refused to allow me to finish statements and was rudely sarcastic and intentionally slow to make a point that i had not spent enough time on the phone. she told me no one could remove the fee and there was nothing i could do. how terrible to inform a loyal customer that has spent xxxx of thousands with hd that i could do nothing. i told her i did not enjoy paying for errors of citis and how they have collected millions on excessive late fees from customers. since this is citis error with their inability to design a working app and the inability to inform their customers that they may experience issues, i feel i should be fully compensated.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999561607837677
}
