Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9667089,
  "complaint_id": "9667089",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "They lowered my credit limit and increase my owed balance even though I never have missed a payment or made a payment late. They claimed I went over the promotional period and increased my balance, but I am already paying for that and now they claimed I went over another promotional period even though I asked them to lock my card and I would make payment till I was done paying off. I haven't used card in over a year and a half so there can not be any promotional period again. This credit card has done more damage to my credit score than any other card even though I have never missed a payment or paid late once ever. This card has been a scam since day one, please help me, I don't know what to do.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "33405",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Unexpected increase in interest rate",
  "text": "They lowered my credit limit and increase my owed balance even though I never have missed a payment or made a payment late. They claimed I went over the promotional period and increased my balance, but I am already paying for that and now they claimed I went over another promotional period even though I asked them to lock my card and I would make payment till I was done paying off. I haven't used card in over a year and a half so there can not be any promotional period again. This credit card has done more damage to my credit score than any other card even though I have never missed a payment or paid late once ever. This card has been a scam since day one, please help me, I don't know what to do."
}

Chunk:
they lowered my credit limit and increase my owed balance even though i never have missed a payment or made a payment late. they claimed i went over the promotional period and increased my balance, but i am already paying for that and now they claimed i went over another promotional period even though i asked them to lock my card and i would make payment till i was done paying off. i haven't used card in over a year and a half so there can not be any promotional period again. this credit card has done more damage to my credit score than any other card even though i have never missed a payment or paid late once ever. this card has been a scam since day one, please help me, i don't know what to do.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9983463287353516
}
