Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9232897,
  "complaint_id": "9232897",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX a victim of identity theft and have enclosed a copy of my police report/identity theft report, a copy ofmy drivers license and social security card as proof of my identity, plus proofofmycurrent address.Iam writing to request that you placean immediate block on the following fraudulent information in my credit file within 4 days upon receipt of this correspondence. \n- have recently obtained a copy of my credit file and the information does not relate to any transactions that I have made ; thercfore, I am requesting that these accounts be completely removed and blocked from my credit file. This is not a regular dispute I have filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission to document being a victim of identity theft. \nPlease block this fraudulent information per sections 605B, 615 ( f ) and 623 ( a ) ( 6 ) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act. I am requesting that the following fraudulent accounts be deleted and blocked from my credit file : 1. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account NumberXXXX  Please remove inaccurate reported late payments update to paid as agreed 2. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX  Account Number : XXXX PLEASE REMOVE OR I WILL CONTACT FCRA. Furthermore, I am allowed under the HIPAA law ( Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of1996 ) to protect my privacy and medical records from third parties. I do not recall giving permission to [ name of provider ] for them to release my medical information ot a third party. I understand that the HIPAA does allow for limited information about me but any details may only be revealed with the patients authorization, therefore my request is twofold and as follows : Validation ofDebt and HIPAA authorization - Please provide abreakdown of fees including any and all collection costsand medical charges- Please provide a copy of my signature with the provider of service to release my medical information to you - Immediately cease any credit bureau reporting until debt has been validated by me.\n\n-I- ' am unaware of this collection, please validate or remove this account.\n\n- Why are you not reporting t 3. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account NumberXXXX Please ensure that all information is accurate 4. Validate Account XXXX XXXX Please removed from my public record 5. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number:XXXX PLEASE REMOVE OR I WILL CONTACT FCRA. Furthermore, I am allowed under the HIPAA law ( Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ) to protect my privacy andmedical records from third parties. I do not recall giving permission to [ name of provider ] for them to release m y medical information to a third party. I understand that the HIPAA does allow for limited information about me but any details may only be revealed with the patients authorization, therefore my request is twofold and as follows : Validation of Debt and HIPAA authorization- Please provide a breakdown of fees including any and all collection costs and medical charges- Please provide a copy of my signature with the provider of service to release my medical information to you - Immediately cease any credit bureau reporting until debt has been validated by me. -- -- -- I ' am unaware of this collection, please validate or remove this account. -- -- -Why are you not reporting I o. Validate Account XXXX XXXX Account NumberXXXX Please supply information on how you have verified this item. \n7. Validate Account XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Account Number : THIS CONTRACT IS CANCELED 8. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : Please remove inaccurate reported late payments update to paid as agreed 9.Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX  Account Number : have not supplied proof under the doctrine ofestoppel by silence XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX MO ) XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX i my presume that no proof ofthe alleged debt nor therefore any such debt in fact exists 10. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : PLEASE REMOVE OR I WILL CONTACT FCRA. Furthermore, I am allowed under the HIPAA law ( Ecaith Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of1996 ) to protect my privacy and medical records from third parties. I do not recall giving permission to [ name of provider ] for them to release my medical information to a third party. I understand that the HIPAA does allow for limited information about me but any details may only be revealed with the patients authorization, therefore my request is twofold and as follows : Validation of Debt and HIPAA authorization - Please provide a breakdown of fees including any and all collection costs and medical charges- Please provide a copy ofm y signature with the provider ofservice to release my medical information ot you -Immediately XXXX XXXX. -- ... I ' ma unaware of thiscollection, please validate or remove this account. \n- Why are you not reporting t 11.Validate Account XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : Please removei t from my credit report.\n\n12. Validate Account BankruptcyXXXX Account Number : XXXX THIS CONTRACT IS XXXX XXXX. Validate Account BankruptcyXXXX Account Number : XXXX Please remove inaccurate reported late payments update to paid as agreed A m u legalus. \nXXXX XXXX. \nXXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX GEORGIA XXXX : XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "30342",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "EQUIFAX, INC.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "XXXX a victim of identity theft and have enclosed a copy of my police report/identity theft report, a copy ofmy drivers license and social security card as proof of my identity, plus proofofmycurrent address.Iam writing to request that you placean immediate block on the following fraudulent information in my credit file within 4 days upon receipt of this correspondence. \n- have recently obtained a copy of my credit file and the information does not relate to any transactions that I have made ; thercfore, I am requesting that these accounts be completely removed and blocked from my credit file. This is not a regular dispute I have filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission to document being a victim of identity theft. \nPlease block this fraudulent information per sections 605B, 615 ( f ) and 623 ( a ) ( 6 ) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act. I am requesting that the following fraudulent accounts be deleted and blocked from my credit file : 1. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account NumberXXXX  Please remove inaccurate reported late payments update to paid as agreed 2. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX  Account Number : XXXX PLEASE REMOVE OR I WILL CONTACT FCRA. Furthermore, I am allowed under the HIPAA law ( Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of1996 ) to protect my privacy and medical records from third parties. I do not recall giving permission to [ name of provider ] for them to release my medical information ot a third party. I understand that the HIPAA does allow for limited information about me but any details may only be revealed with the patients authorization, therefore my request is twofold and as follows : Validation ofDebt and HIPAA authorization - Please provide abreakdown of fees including any and all collection costsand medical charges- Please provide a copy of my signature with the provider of service to release my medical information to you - Immediately cease any credit bureau reporting until debt has been validated by me.\n\n-I- ' am unaware of this collection, please validate or remove this account.\n\n- Why are you not reporting t 3. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account NumberXXXX Please ensure that all information is accurate 4. Validate Account XXXX XXXX Please removed from my public record 5. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number:XXXX PLEASE REMOVE OR I WILL CONTACT FCRA. Furthermore, I am allowed under the HIPAA law ( Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ) to protect my privacy andmedical records from third parties. I do not recall giving permission to [ name of provider ] for them to release m y medical information to a third party. I understand that the HIPAA does allow for limited information about me but any details may only be revealed with the patients authorization, therefore my request is twofold and as follows : Validation of Debt and HIPAA authorization- Please provide a breakdown of fees including any and all collection costs and medical charges- Please provide a copy of my signature with the provider of service to release my medical information to you - Immediately cease any credit bureau reporting until debt has been validated by me. -- -- -- I ' am unaware of this collection, please validate or remove this account. -- -- -Why are you not reporting I o. Validate Account XXXX XXXX Account NumberXXXX Please supply information on how you have verified this item. \n7. Validate Account XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Account Number : THIS CONTRACT IS CANCELED 8. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : Please remove inaccurate reported late payments update to paid as agreed 9.Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX  Account Number : have not supplied proof under the doctrine ofestoppel by silence XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX MO ) XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX i my presume that no proof ofthe alleged debt nor therefore any such debt in fact exists 10. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : PLEASE REMOVE OR I WILL CONTACT FCRA. Furthermore, I am allowed under the HIPAA law ( Ecaith Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of1996 ) to protect my privacy and medical records from third parties. I do not recall giving permission to [ name of provider ] for them to release my medical information to a third party. I understand that the HIPAA does allow for limited information about me but any details may only be revealed with the patients authorization, therefore my request is twofold and as follows : Validation of Debt and HIPAA authorization - Please provide a breakdown of fees including any and all collection costs and medical charges- Please provide a copy ofm y signature with the provider ofservice to release my medical information ot you -Immediately XXXX XXXX. -- ... I ' ma unaware of thiscollection, please validate or remove this account. \n- Why are you not reporting t 11.Validate Account XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : Please removei t from my credit report.\n\n12. Validate Account BankruptcyXXXX Account Number : XXXX THIS CONTRACT IS XXXX XXXX. Validate Account BankruptcyXXXX Account Number : XXXX Please remove inaccurate reported late payments update to paid as agreed A m u legalus. \nXXXX XXXX. \nXXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX GEORGIA XXXX : XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
xxxx account number : please removei t from my credit report. 12. validate account bankruptcyxxxx account number : xxxx this contract is xxxx xxxx. validate account bankruptcyxxxx account number : xxxx please remove inaccurate reported late payments update to paid as agreed a m u legalus. xxxx xxxx. xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx georgia xxxx : xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9967997074127197
}
