Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9147865,
  "complaint_id": "9147865",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Initially, I was going to file a complaint with the seller but realized this is for banking institutions only. \n\nI have a spending account with XXXX whose banking is done by XXXX or the XXXX XXXX XXXX. However, they continuously mishandle disputes. \n\nI have now filed atleast XXXX disputes for the same matter with them. With the first matter I didnt hear from them for weeks and weeks and eventually closed the dispute at the request of the seller who said they were recieving an error in processing because there was an open dispute with my bank. They still never refunded the my items. I then reopened my dispute. The thing is even from the first dispute I attempted to open the dispute via thier online system and it wasnt properly registering it. Then I reached out to chat support several times and was told they filed it and had not. Then after reaching out several times and attempting to submit a dispute several times XXXX of the disputes took. Then each time the dispute was filed Id send emails and never recieve replies and Id have to reach out to the chat several times to get an update. Then, once Id get an update they say the claim was closed or that they would reopen an appeal. \n\nAt present, the second to last time I filed an appeal after reaching out several times to check in I was told the appeal was already closed after almost XXXX months of without any update. I was told it was because they were not responsible for the quality of the product. I then wrote them back and told them the claim was not regarding the quality of the product but was due to not being refunded by the seller for a returned product even though the seller had attempted to refund the items and said they couldnt because it was showing as an open claim on their end. \n\nI was then told a claim appeal would be opened or resubmitted and I responded this was supposed to already be an open claim and that Id never been notified before that time of otherwise. \n\nThen a few days later they returned a reply of : because we are not responsible for the delivery, quality, safety, legality, or any other aspect of goods and services that you purchase from others with your Card. Please contact the merchant directly to resolve the matter yet again. \n\nWhich shows the actual dispute issue was never addressed as I submitted no less than 7 disputes not including the times chat representatives told me theyd opened a dispute and hadnt when I checked again. Each time I used their app I then would have to go on the normative browser to resubmit and they would send a link and ask me to answer the same questions all over again. I also uploaded evidentiary photos each time. \n\nAt present, I will simply upload the return of confirmation from the seller and the confirmation that they were unable to refund it. If more information is needed I will upload all the screenshots of the miscommunications from robinhood. \n\nThe problem is in addition to them mishandling this claim there is no level of accountability. One can not confirm proper escalation, everything is done via chat and email, and they say one can receive a call with astronomical wait times. Although, per my experience with them I can only imagine one could wait on the phone for 5 hours and still be told they can only send an email to the appropriate department for disputes ; their customer service is inefficient and severely lacking.\n\nI have literally waited weeks to months to receive an update and even when have been Im chat was told they could only send an email to the disputes department. \n\nAny other proper Bank would have immediately refunded the purchase after confirmation of return and that the seller had attempted to refund but couldnt because of an error or their end ; the purchase was done in their system so its clear that months later the items were never refunded by the seller. Its highly disgraceful the way this entire situation has been handled and that Id even have to proceed to this step to have things appropriately and efficiently resolved. \n\nIf they cant handle claims and disputes properly they should stick to what their more proficient in.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "97404",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "ROBINHOOD MARKETS INC.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OR",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Initially, I was going to file a complaint with the seller but realized this is for banking institutions only. \n\nI have a spending account with XXXX whose banking is done by XXXX or the XXXX XXXX XXXX. However, they continuously mishandle disputes. \n\nI have now filed atleast XXXX disputes for the same matter with them. With the first matter I didnt hear from them for weeks and weeks and eventually closed the dispute at the request of the seller who said they were recieving an error in processing because there was an open dispute with my bank. They still never refunded the my items. I then reopened my dispute. The thing is even from the first dispute I attempted to open the dispute via thier online system and it wasnt properly registering it. Then I reached out to chat support several times and was told they filed it and had not. Then after reaching out several times and attempting to submit a dispute several times XXXX of the disputes took. Then each time the dispute was filed Id send emails and never recieve replies and Id have to reach out to the chat several times to get an update. Then, once Id get an update they say the claim was closed or that they would reopen an appeal. \n\nAt present, the second to last time I filed an appeal after reaching out several times to check in I was told the appeal was already closed after almost XXXX months of without any update. I was told it was because they were not responsible for the quality of the product. I then wrote them back and told them the claim was not regarding the quality of the product but was due to not being refunded by the seller for a returned product even though the seller had attempted to refund the items and said they couldnt because it was showing as an open claim on their end. \n\nI was then told a claim appeal would be opened or resubmitted and I responded this was supposed to already be an open claim and that Id never been notified before that time of otherwise. \n\nThen a few days later they returned a reply of : because we are not responsible for the delivery, quality, safety, legality, or any other aspect of goods and services that you purchase from others with your Card. Please contact the merchant directly to resolve the matter yet again. \n\nWhich shows the actual dispute issue was never addressed as I submitted no less than 7 disputes not including the times chat representatives told me theyd opened a dispute and hadnt when I checked again. Each time I used their app I then would have to go on the normative browser to resubmit and they would send a link and ask me to answer the same questions all over again. I also uploaded evidentiary photos each time. \n\nAt present, I will simply upload the return of confirmation from the seller and the confirmation that they were unable to refund it. If more information is needed I will upload all the screenshots of the miscommunications from robinhood. \n\nThe problem is in addition to them mishandling this claim there is no level of accountability. One can not confirm proper escalation, everything is done via chat and email, and they say one can receive a call with astronomical wait times. Although, per my experience with them I can only imagine one could wait on the phone for 5 hours and still be told they can only send an email to the appropriate department for disputes ; their customer service is inefficient and severely lacking.\n\nI have literally waited weeks to months to receive an update and even when have been Im chat was told they could only send an email to the disputes department. \n\nAny other proper Bank would have immediately refunded the purchase after confirmation of return and that the seller had attempted to refund but couldnt because of an error or their end ; the purchase was done in their system so its clear that months later the items were never refunded by the seller. Its highly disgraceful the way this entire situation has been handled and that Id even have to proceed to this step to have things appropriately and efficiently resolved. \n\nIf they cant handle claims and disputes properly they should stick to what their more proficient in."
}

Chunk:
would have to go on the normative browser to resubmit and they would send a link and ask me to answer the same questions all over again. i also uploaded evidentiary photos each time. at present, i will simply upload the return of confirmation from the seller and the confirmation that they were unable to refund it. if more information is needed i will upload all the screenshots of the miscommunications from robinhood. the problem is in addition to them mishandling this claim there is no level of accountability. one can not confirm proper escalation, everything is done via chat and email, and they say one can receive a call with astronomical wait times. although, per my experience with them i can only imagine one could wait on the phone for 5 hours and still be told they can only send an email to the appropriate department for disputes ; their customer service is inefficient and severely lacking. i have literally waited weeks to months to receive an update and even when have been im chat was told they could only send an email to the disputes department. any other proper bank would have immediately refunded the purchase after confirmation of return and that the seller had attempted to refund but couldnt because of an error or their end ; the purchase was done in their system so its clear that months later the items were never refunded by the seller. its highly disgraceful the way this entire situation has been handled and that id even have to proceed to this step to have things appropriately and efficiently resolved. if they cant handle claims and disputes properly they should stick to what their more proficient in.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996981620788574
}
