Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9061798,
  "complaint_id": "9061798",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/year> at XXXX I ordered an expensive phone called ( XXXX Find XXXX ) from XXXX XXXX. The grand total was {$1200.00} exact. After I received the box that was supposed to contain the phone I set up another old phone to record the unboxing. I did this since I have had shady experiences with XXXX XXXX  sellers scamming me and sending me nothing inside the box. Once I opened the box I did NOT find a phone inside but just accessories. I have a video of this happening along with the shipping label matching the one on XXXX XXXX. \n\nAfter this I tried to solve this issue with XXXX XXXX but they denied my request to refund me. Saying they cant do anything since it says it was delivered. I tried to tell them I was not arguing against my package being delivered or not, I was arguing and saying what I received was not what I bought. Still sided with the seller. \n\nAfter this I filed not one but two disputes with the credit card that I used to buy the phone with on XXXX XXXX. The card is Apple Card By Goldman Sachs. On the first dispute they rejected saying I had no evidence. This was weird since I'm sure I attached images and videos along with an order pdf to make sure they knew it was the correct package. \nI file a second dispute saying I have no evidence XXXX again. This time I get on hold an Apple Card representative through apple 's chat. They tell me they had issues receiving my evidence. I have screenshots of me sending the email live to a representative and them saying they did not receive anything. This is indication of an Apple software issue that made it so my evidence did not go through. I am not allowed a XXXX dispute since I already did XXXX. \n\nDue to file limitation on the CFPB website I can only upload the heavily compressed video of me unboxing the box but I can provide the uncompressed video if requested.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "94806",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA",
  "date_received": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "On XX/XX/year> at XXXX I ordered an expensive phone called ( XXXX Find XXXX ) from XXXX XXXX. The grand total was {$1200.00} exact. After I received the box that was supposed to contain the phone I set up another old phone to record the unboxing. I did this since I have had shady experiences with XXXX XXXX  sellers scamming me and sending me nothing inside the box. Once I opened the box I did NOT find a phone inside but just accessories. I have a video of this happening along with the shipping label matching the one on XXXX XXXX. \n\nAfter this I tried to solve this issue with XXXX XXXX but they denied my request to refund me. Saying they cant do anything since it says it was delivered. I tried to tell them I was not arguing against my package being delivered or not, I was arguing and saying what I received was not what I bought. Still sided with the seller. \n\nAfter this I filed not one but two disputes with the credit card that I used to buy the phone with on XXXX XXXX. The card is Apple Card By Goldman Sachs. On the first dispute they rejected saying I had no evidence. This was weird since I'm sure I attached images and videos along with an order pdf to make sure they knew it was the correct package. \nI file a second dispute saying I have no evidence XXXX again. This time I get on hold an Apple Card representative through apple 's chat. They tell me they had issues receiving my evidence. I have screenshots of me sending the email live to a representative and them saying they did not receive anything. This is indication of an Apple software issue that made it so my evidence did not go through. I am not allowed a XXXX dispute since I already did XXXX. \n\nDue to file limitation on the CFPB website I can only upload the heavily compressed video of me unboxing the box but I can provide the uncompressed video if requested."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / year > at xxxx i ordered an expensive phone called ( xxxx find xxxx ) from xxxx xxxx. the grand total was { $ 1200. 00 } exact. after i received the box that was supposed to contain the phone i set up another old phone to record the unboxing. i did this since i have had shady experiences with xxxx xxxx sellers scamming me and sending me nothing inside the box. once i opened the box i did not find a phone inside but just accessories. i have a video of this happening along with the shipping label matching the one on xxxx xxxx. after this i tried to solve this issue with xxxx xxxx but they denied my request to refund me. saying they cant do anything since it says it was delivered. i tried to tell them i was not arguing against my package being delivered or not, i was arguing and saying what i received was not what i bought. still sided with the seller. after this i filed not one but two disputes with the credit card that i used to buy the phone with on xxxx xxxx. the card is apple card by goldman sachs. on the first dispute they rejected saying i had no evidence. this was weird since i'm sure i attached images and videos along with an order pdf to make sure they knew it was the correct package. i file a second dispute saying i have no evidence xxxx again. this time i get on hold an apple card representative through apple's chat. they tell me they had issues receiving my evidence. i have screenshots of me sending the email live to a representative and them saying they did not receive anything. this is indication of an apple software issue that made it so my evidence did not go through. i am not allowed a xxxx dispute since i already did xxxx. due to file limitation on the cfpb website i can only upload the heavily compressed video of me unboxing the box but i can provide the uncompressed video if requested.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993327260017395
}
