Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9037608,
  "complaint_id": "9037608",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Below copy of the letter to Amex : American Express XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. \nXXXX XXXX, NY United States XXXX To Whom it may concern, dispute XXXX : Hello, Here is my statement regarding dispute XXXX for {$260.00} charged at XXXX Below are the supporting documents that you sent. You can see there are two traffic/parking violation tickets issued by authorized companies, such as XXXX ( page 3 ) and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( page 6 ). These two tickets and charges are valid, I am not disputing it. These tickets have unique Ref. number, date, and time. Also, it has a photo of the violation. Most importantly, its issued by an authorized company ( not the rental company or debt collection agency as a third charge ). \nPlease see page 9 as a supporting document for the third charge. This is not a violation ticket, its a collection letter from XXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX ). This company is not authorized to issue parking violation tickets ; its just a collection agency. Until now XXXX does not provide an actual parking violation ticket for this charge as on pages 3 and 6. Their invoice has the same REF number XXXX, same date XX/XX/23 and same address XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX as ticket number one on page 3. \nTo find all this easier, I marked below by yellow color. \nWhen XXXX received the first ticket ( page 3 ), they charged me XXXX pounds, but they did not send the payment to XXXX, who issued this ticket. After a few months of not receiving payment, XXXX sold this case to XXXX ( page 9 ). XXXX sent an invoice for the same ticket to XXXX, but a bigger amount ( because of payment delay ), and then XXXX charged me XXXX pounds for the same ticket with REF XXXX. \nAll these documents are so obvious ; I dont know why Amex makes decisions without having ACTUAL parking violation tickets, but based on some collection letter. Please ask XXXX to provide an actual parking ticket for a XXXX pounds charge before you close the dispute. \n\n\nBest regards, XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33009",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Below copy of the letter to Amex : American Express XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. \nXXXX XXXX, NY United States XXXX To Whom it may concern, dispute XXXX : Hello, Here is my statement regarding dispute XXXX for {$260.00} charged at XXXX Below are the supporting documents that you sent. You can see there are two traffic/parking violation tickets issued by authorized companies, such as XXXX ( page 3 ) and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( page 6 ). These two tickets and charges are valid, I am not disputing it. These tickets have unique Ref. number, date, and time. Also, it has a photo of the violation. Most importantly, its issued by an authorized company ( not the rental company or debt collection agency as a third charge ). \nPlease see page 9 as a supporting document for the third charge. This is not a violation ticket, its a collection letter from XXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX ). This company is not authorized to issue parking violation tickets ; its just a collection agency. Until now XXXX does not provide an actual parking violation ticket for this charge as on pages 3 and 6. Their invoice has the same REF number XXXX, same date XX/XX/23 and same address XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX as ticket number one on page 3. \nTo find all this easier, I marked below by yellow color. \nWhen XXXX received the first ticket ( page 3 ), they charged me XXXX pounds, but they did not send the payment to XXXX, who issued this ticket. After a few months of not receiving payment, XXXX sold this case to XXXX ( page 9 ). XXXX sent an invoice for the same ticket to XXXX, but a bigger amount ( because of payment delay ), and then XXXX charged me XXXX pounds for the same ticket with REF XXXX. \nAll these documents are so obvious ; I dont know why Amex makes decisions without having ACTUAL parking violation tickets, but based on some collection letter. Please ask XXXX to provide an actual parking ticket for a XXXX pounds charge before you close the dispute. \n\n\nBest regards, XXXX"
}

Chunk:
below copy of the letter to amex : american express xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx. xxxx xxxx, ny united states xxxx to whom it may concern, dispute xxxx : hello, here is my statement regarding dispute xxxx for { $ 260. 00 } charged at xxxx below are the supporting documents that you sent. you can see there are two traffic / parking violation tickets issued by authorized companies, such as xxxx ( page 3 ) and xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx ( page 6 ). these two tickets and charges are valid, i am not disputing it. these tickets have unique ref. number, date, and time. also, it has a photo of the violation. most importantly, its issued by an authorized company ( not the rental company or debt collection agency as a third charge ). please see page 9 as a supporting document for the third charge. this is not a violation ticket, its a collection letter from xxxx ( xxxx xxxx xxxx ). this company is not authorized to issue parking violation tickets ; its just a collection agency. until now xxxx does not provide an actual parking violation ticket for this charge as on pages 3 and 6. their invoice has the same ref number xxxx, same date xx / xx / 23 and same address xxxx xxxx xxxx, xxxx as ticket number one on page 3. to find all this easier, i marked below by yellow color. when xxxx received the first ticket ( page 3 ), they charged me xxxx pounds, but they did not send the payment to xxxx, who issued this ticket. after a few months of not receiving payment, xxxx sold this case to xxxx ( page 9 ). xxxx sent an invoice for the same ticket to xxxx, but a bigger amount ( because of payment delay ), and then xxxx charged me xxxx pounds for the same ticket with ref xxxx. all these documents are so obvious ; i dont know why amex makes decisions without having actual parking violation tickets, but based on some collection letter. please ask xxxx to provide an actual parking ticket for a xxxx pounds charge before you close the dispute. best regards, xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.998036801815033
}
