Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9428491,
  "complaint_id": "9428491",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Consumer protection department This is XXXX XXXX I want to receive money {$810.00} I like to complain about amazon.com. I had been use amazon for long times more than XXXX as consumer. And I trust amazon but when I started check the amazon statement that I use it I figure out That I did not refund many items and XXXX XXXX XXXX  that operator promise me to refund it and partial refund and others reason. Amazon copy my ideas and I have not get any kinds of advertising fee and creative fee. I ask for refund to the amazon several time with email and chat but I only got refund several times and I also ask XXXX XXXX XXXX for refund several times with email. But I have not received any kinds of answer. They just decline my amazon credit card without any kinds of explanation suddenly with just send the letter to my house. So I called why did you close my amazon credit card XXXX amazon credit card told me I ask for too many disputes. Thats why they decline without out noticed. And I chat to the amazon.com XXXX close my credit card and amazon operator told me I will contact with XXXX XXXX and try to reach you what happen but I never received any kinds of phone call back. and since than I was keep ask to amazon, I want refund that I have return the product and others but I have not received refund yet when I check the credit card statement but when I check the amazon.com XXXX they issue the credit. I explain all the situation and amazon.com only gave me few of refund. Specially amazon.com keep charge {$2.00} all the times. I ask amazon I only got few of refund not all. It is been several months passed and I want to refund all the money because I do not have XXXX and they use me as advertising me and especially {$2.00} seems to be nothing but it was related with a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  and amazon use it as badly. So, I am going to attach all the file That I have not receive refund. So please help me to refund my money from amazon and the angrier part is I keep send the email and ask for refund the XXXX XXXX are keep advertising themselves with open my privacy and keep push me to buy amazon.com and brag themselves they are rich. Instead of solve the problem they know that I have not get refund and they blame FBI and not gave me refund. Even if FBI did it all the customer wants to get refund that is so irresponsible behavior. {$2.00} and {$16.00} and {$14.00} I do not know how does those kinds of number came out. I am fight with giant and I am alone. Please help me to get refund and in this kinds issue even though I am XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX I stand up for that so please support me. And I want also retrieve my XXXX XXXX XXXX back they close my account instead of solve the problem. Then who is going to use the Credit card. So I am going to attach the all the file related with this and still amazon keep pulling me down such as XXXX amazon drop off location is in the XXXX and fire extinguisher and the back side is airplane cushion From XXXX XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "92833",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-07-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "Consumer protection department This is XXXX XXXX I want to receive money {$810.00} I like to complain about amazon.com. I had been use amazon for long times more than XXXX as consumer. And I trust amazon but when I started check the amazon statement that I use it I figure out That I did not refund many items and XXXX XXXX XXXX  that operator promise me to refund it and partial refund and others reason. Amazon copy my ideas and I have not get any kinds of advertising fee and creative fee. I ask for refund to the amazon several time with email and chat but I only got refund several times and I also ask XXXX XXXX XXXX for refund several times with email. But I have not received any kinds of answer. They just decline my amazon credit card without any kinds of explanation suddenly with just send the letter to my house. So I called why did you close my amazon credit card XXXX amazon credit card told me I ask for too many disputes. Thats why they decline without out noticed. And I chat to the amazon.com XXXX close my credit card and amazon operator told me I will contact with XXXX XXXX and try to reach you what happen but I never received any kinds of phone call back. and since than I was keep ask to amazon, I want refund that I have return the product and others but I have not received refund yet when I check the credit card statement but when I check the amazon.com XXXX they issue the credit. I explain all the situation and amazon.com only gave me few of refund. Specially amazon.com keep charge {$2.00} all the times. I ask amazon I only got few of refund not all. It is been several months passed and I want to refund all the money because I do not have XXXX and they use me as advertising me and especially {$2.00} seems to be nothing but it was related with a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  and amazon use it as badly. So, I am going to attach all the file That I have not receive refund. So please help me to refund my money from amazon and the angrier part is I keep send the email and ask for refund the XXXX XXXX are keep advertising themselves with open my privacy and keep push me to buy amazon.com and brag themselves they are rich. Instead of solve the problem they know that I have not get refund and they blame FBI and not gave me refund. Even if FBI did it all the customer wants to get refund that is so irresponsible behavior. {$2.00} and {$16.00} and {$14.00} I do not know how does those kinds of number came out. I am fight with giant and I am alone. Please help me to get refund and in this kinds issue even though I am XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX I stand up for that so please support me. And I want also retrieve my XXXX XXXX XXXX back they close my account instead of solve the problem. Then who is going to use the Credit card. So I am going to attach the all the file related with this and still amazon keep pulling me down such as XXXX amazon drop off location is in the XXXX and fire extinguisher and the back side is airplane cushion From XXXX XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
refund and they blame fbi and not gave me refund. even if fbi did it all the customer wants to get refund that is so irresponsible behavior. { $ 2. 00 } and { $ 16. 00 } and { $ 14. 00 } i do not know how does those kinds of number came out. i am fight with giant and i am alone. please help me to get refund and in this kinds issue even though i am xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx i stand up for that so please support me. and i want also retrieve my xxxx xxxx xxxx back they close my account instead of solve the problem. then who is going to use the credit card. so i am going to attach the all the file related with this and still amazon keep pulling me down such as xxxx amazon drop off location is in the xxxx and fire extinguisher and the back side is airplane cushion from xxxx xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.997849702835083
}
