Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9242107,
  "complaint_id": "9242107",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On or about XX/XX/year> I was using my card to make purchases related to a recent move. Synchrony Bank, flagged a purchase as Fraud, and sent me a text message. When I called them to resolve the issue, I was on hold for over an hour. \n\nA few days later I attempted to access my credit card account on-line and I'm locked out, so I called and attempted to resolved the issue. I was told by someone who was obviously not a US Citizen, that they would send a link to my phone number and that I would need to take a picture and upload it to the link along with a copy of my drivers license. This seemed very supicious and I asked to speak with a US representative. The US Representative was telling me the same thing, so I asked for a supervisor because when I called in, the system recognized my phone number and matched it to my account. After talking to the supervisor, she offered to send me a passcode by mail that I could use to call in and verify myself. \n\nWhen I attempted to call back in to verify my account with the pascode I was mailed, Synchrony Bank refuses to accept the passcode they mailed me to verify myself and are demanding that I either upload a picture to them along with a copy of my drivers license or that I can mail them a copy of drivers license and a copy of my electric bill. As these are all items that can be used for identity theft I am refusing to do this. \n\nI believe that the fact that they will not accept the passcode that the mailed me via the US Mail should be adequate to prove I am who I say I am- and if they will not accept it, then that is Mail Fraud. \n\nI have tried to escalate the issue within Synchrony Bank, but the Account Manager I spoke with ( sorry I didn't get a name ) would not escalate to anyone. \n\nI refuse to follow their prescribed method for verifying my identity ( clicking on an unknown link and taking a video/photo of myself and uploading a copy of my drivers license ) or mailing them the same. \n\nI do not want this to affect my credit, however I can not verify any purchases made on the card as they refuse to mail me a statement or allow me access to the account on-line to verify the charges.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "78217",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "On or about XX/XX/year> I was using my card to make purchases related to a recent move. Synchrony Bank, flagged a purchase as Fraud, and sent me a text message. When I called them to resolve the issue, I was on hold for over an hour. \n\nA few days later I attempted to access my credit card account on-line and I'm locked out, so I called and attempted to resolved the issue. I was told by someone who was obviously not a US Citizen, that they would send a link to my phone number and that I would need to take a picture and upload it to the link along with a copy of my drivers license. This seemed very supicious and I asked to speak with a US representative. The US Representative was telling me the same thing, so I asked for a supervisor because when I called in, the system recognized my phone number and matched it to my account. After talking to the supervisor, she offered to send me a passcode by mail that I could use to call in and verify myself. \n\nWhen I attempted to call back in to verify my account with the pascode I was mailed, Synchrony Bank refuses to accept the passcode they mailed me to verify myself and are demanding that I either upload a picture to them along with a copy of my drivers license or that I can mail them a copy of drivers license and a copy of my electric bill. As these are all items that can be used for identity theft I am refusing to do this. \n\nI believe that the fact that they will not accept the passcode that the mailed me via the US Mail should be adequate to prove I am who I say I am- and if they will not accept it, then that is Mail Fraud. \n\nI have tried to escalate the issue within Synchrony Bank, but the Account Manager I spoke with ( sorry I didn't get a name ) would not escalate to anyone. \n\nI refuse to follow their prescribed method for verifying my identity ( clicking on an unknown link and taking a video/photo of myself and uploading a copy of my drivers license ) or mailing them the same. \n\nI do not want this to affect my credit, however I can not verify any purchases made on the card as they refuse to mail me a statement or allow me access to the account on-line to verify the charges."
}

Chunk:
on or about xx / xx / year > i was using my card to make purchases related to a recent move. synchrony bank, flagged a purchase as fraud, and sent me a text message. when i called them to resolve the issue, i was on hold for over an hour. a few days later i attempted to access my credit card account on - line and i'm locked out, so i called and attempted to resolved the issue. i was told by someone who was obviously not a us citizen, that they would send a link to my phone number and that i would need to take a picture and upload it to the link along with a copy of my drivers license. this seemed very supicious and i asked to speak with a us representative. the us representative was telling me the same thing, so i asked for a supervisor because when i called in, the system recognized my phone number and matched it to my account. after talking to the supervisor, she offered to send me a passcode by mail that i could use to call in and verify myself. when i attempted to call back in to verify my account with the pascode i was mailed, synchrony bank refuses to accept the passcode they mailed me to verify myself and are demanding that i either upload a picture to them along with a copy of my drivers license or that i can mail them a copy of drivers license and a copy of my electric bill. as these are all items that can be used for identity theft i am refusing to do this. i believe that the fact that they will not accept the passcode that the mailed me via the us mail should be adequate to prove i am who i say i am - and if they will not accept it, then that is mail fraud. i have tried to escalate the issue within synchrony bank, but the account manager i spoke with ( sorry i didn't get a name ) would not escalate to anyone. i refuse to follow their prescribed method for verifying my identity ( clicking on an unknown link and taking a video / photo of myself and uploading a copy of my drivers license ) or mailing them the same. i do not want this to affect my credit, however i can not verify any purchases made on the card as they refuse to mail me a statement or allow me access to the account on - line to verify the charges.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995032548904419
}
