Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9086436,
  "complaint_id": "9086436",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "This started on XX/XX/XXXX but I was unaware that it was happening because Cash App was declining these charges at first. However on XX/XX/XXXX I noticed that I kept getting charges from XXXX and XXXX for XXXX but I had never purchased anything from XXXX or XXXX, but most of the charges also showed declined so I wasn't worried. It wasn't until maybe XXXX  days later I was getting really annoyed that I didn't know how to stop these charges so I tried to order a new card. However, it must have just replaced my card instead of submitting it as stolen so this issue kept happening. It wasn't until XXXX  days ago that I noticed that not all the charges had been declined and over XXXX charges had gone through and comepletly emptied my bank account. I immideiatly blocked tiktok and XXXX through the Cash App and contacted them. The only reply I got was that all of them were declined or that they couldn't do anything about it. However I sent them multiple screenshots of charges that went through and they still told me they couldn't do anything about it, and that in order to dispute the charges, I would have to click on each individual charges and write what happened. However, there were hundreds of charges, and I would have to go through which ones were to declined in order to figure out if they were actually completed instead of declined. I told them that this is basically impossible unless I want to commit over XXXX straight going through the hundreds of blocked and completed transaction but they told they couldn't do anything. The amount in total that was taken out my account was around XXXX XXXX dollars and around XXXX transactions of a XXXX. In addition I have had to buy XXXX cash app card for XXXX dollars each because they messed up and only replaced my same card the first time so these transactions kept happening.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "11233",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Block, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "This started on XX/XX/XXXX but I was unaware that it was happening because Cash App was declining these charges at first. However on XX/XX/XXXX I noticed that I kept getting charges from XXXX and XXXX for XXXX but I had never purchased anything from XXXX or XXXX, but most of the charges also showed declined so I wasn't worried. It wasn't until maybe XXXX  days later I was getting really annoyed that I didn't know how to stop these charges so I tried to order a new card. However, it must have just replaced my card instead of submitting it as stolen so this issue kept happening. It wasn't until XXXX  days ago that I noticed that not all the charges had been declined and over XXXX charges had gone through and comepletly emptied my bank account. I immideiatly blocked tiktok and XXXX through the Cash App and contacted them. The only reply I got was that all of them were declined or that they couldn't do anything about it. However I sent them multiple screenshots of charges that went through and they still told me they couldn't do anything about it, and that in order to dispute the charges, I would have to click on each individual charges and write what happened. However, there were hundreds of charges, and I would have to go through which ones were to declined in order to figure out if they were actually completed instead of declined. I told them that this is basically impossible unless I want to commit over XXXX straight going through the hundreds of blocked and completed transaction but they told they couldn't do anything. The amount in total that was taken out my account was around XXXX XXXX dollars and around XXXX transactions of a XXXX. In addition I have had to buy XXXX cash app card for XXXX dollars each because they messed up and only replaced my same card the first time so these transactions kept happening."
}

Chunk:
this started on xx / xx / xxxx but i was unaware that it was happening because cash app was declining these charges at first. however on xx / xx / xxxx i noticed that i kept getting charges from xxxx and xxxx for xxxx but i had never purchased anything from xxxx or xxxx, but most of the charges also showed declined so i wasn't worried. it wasn't until maybe xxxx days later i was getting really annoyed that i didn't know how to stop these charges so i tried to order a new card. however, it must have just replaced my card instead of submitting it as stolen so this issue kept happening. it wasn't until xxxx days ago that i noticed that not all the charges had been declined and over xxxx charges had gone through and comepletly emptied my bank account. i immideiatly blocked tiktok and xxxx through the cash app and contacted them. the only reply i got was that all of them were declined or that they couldn't do anything about it. however i sent them multiple screenshots of charges that went through and they still told me they couldn't do anything about it, and that in order to dispute the charges, i would have to click on each individual charges and write what happened. however, there were hundreds of charges, and i would have to go through which ones were to declined in order to figure out if they were actually completed instead of declined. i told them that this is basically impossible unless i want to commit over xxxx straight going through the hundreds of blocked and completed transaction but they told they couldn't do anything. the amount in total that was taken out my account was around xxxx xxxx dollars and around xxxx transactions of a xxxx. in addition i have had to buy xxxx cash app card for xxxx dollars each because they messed up and only replaced my same card the first time so these transactions kept happening.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993764758110046
}
