Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9263754,
  "complaint_id": "9263754",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX ( beauty company ) conned me into a \" trial package '' for a certain type of treatment in XXXX of this year ( 2024 ). I was told I was registering for a \" payment plan '', and was never once charged, and never once gave the company ( XXXX ) any payment information. I was promised that if I enjoyed the first visit, I would be able to pay the \" payment plan '' on a monthly basis. I then did more research, and learned that this company frequently scammed people, and did not want to visit. I cancelled my appointment both on the phone, and via email with multiple representatives. Two months go by, and I notice that my credit score had gone down XXXX points! I soon figured out that XXXX had used a credit card company to open up an account to charge $ XXXX under my credit, in my name. I then urgently contacted every single person and company I needed to, including all 3 credit unions via disputes on their websites and physically sent in evidence that the account was opened fraudelently. I got confirmation from the representative from XXXX that I had intitially spoken to that there was a \" miscommunication '' and that she would be alerting XXXX to close my account. I spoke on the phone with XXXX to set up a dispute. I got a letter in the mail the other day stating it could take up to 90 days to resolve the dispuite. XXXX has settled my dispute but only partially, and I am still seeing a {$74.00} balance on the account. I defintiely need to make sure my credit score reflects what it used to be, ASAP. Via the XXXX dispute results, I was directed to create a report here. Please advise! I would love all the help I can get, here. It's been a headache! \n\nThank you in advance. \n\n\nBest, XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "07013",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Can't close your account",
  "text": "XXXX ( beauty company ) conned me into a \" trial package '' for a certain type of treatment in XXXX of this year ( 2024 ). I was told I was registering for a \" payment plan '', and was never once charged, and never once gave the company ( XXXX ) any payment information. I was promised that if I enjoyed the first visit, I would be able to pay the \" payment plan '' on a monthly basis. I then did more research, and learned that this company frequently scammed people, and did not want to visit. I cancelled my appointment both on the phone, and via email with multiple representatives. Two months go by, and I notice that my credit score had gone down XXXX points! I soon figured out that XXXX had used a credit card company to open up an account to charge $ XXXX under my credit, in my name. I then urgently contacted every single person and company I needed to, including all 3 credit unions via disputes on their websites and physically sent in evidence that the account was opened fraudelently. I got confirmation from the representative from XXXX that I had intitially spoken to that there was a \" miscommunication '' and that she would be alerting XXXX to close my account. I spoke on the phone with XXXX to set up a dispute. I got a letter in the mail the other day stating it could take up to 90 days to resolve the dispuite. XXXX has settled my dispute but only partially, and I am still seeing a {$74.00} balance on the account. I defintiely need to make sure my credit score reflects what it used to be, ASAP. Via the XXXX dispute results, I was directed to create a report here. Please advise! I would love all the help I can get, here. It's been a headache! \n\nThank you in advance. \n\n\nBest, XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
xxxx ( beauty company ) conned me into a " trial package'' for a certain type of treatment in xxxx of this year ( 2024 ). i was told i was registering for a " payment plan'', and was never once charged, and never once gave the company ( xxxx ) any payment information. i was promised that if i enjoyed the first visit, i would be able to pay the " payment plan'' on a monthly basis. i then did more research, and learned that this company frequently scammed people, and did not want to visit. i cancelled my appointment both on the phone, and via email with multiple representatives. two months go by, and i notice that my credit score had gone down xxxx points! i soon figured out that xxxx had used a credit card company to open up an account to charge $ xxxx under my credit, in my name. i then urgently contacted every single person and company i needed to, including all 3 credit unions via disputes on their websites and physically sent in evidence that the account was opened fraudelently. i got confirmation from the representative from xxxx that i had intitially spoken to that there was a " miscommunication'' and that she would be alerting xxxx to close my account. i spoke on the phone with xxxx to set up a dispute. i got a letter in the mail the other day stating it could take up to 90 days to resolve the dispuite. xxxx has settled my dispute but only partially, and i am still seeing a { $ 74. 00 } balance on the account. i defintiely need to make sure my credit score reflects what it used to be, asap. via the xxxx dispute results, i was directed to create a report here. please advise! i would love all the help i can get, here. it's been a headache! thank you in advance. best, xxxx xxxx ( xxxx ) xxxx xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9979666471481323
}
