Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9228341,
  "complaint_id": "9228341",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have been a loyal customer of Capital One for an extensive period, diligently ensuring that my payments are made on time and even exceeding the minimum required amount. However, in XXXX, I encountered an unforeseen issue when a payment I submitted was returned due to a shortage in funds caused by my mortgage company charging my mortgage. To rectify the situation, I promptly made a second payment of {$700.00}. Surprisingly, Capital One did not attempt to withdraw this payment from my checking account. Perplexed, I logged into my account after two days and, realizing that the payment was not processed, I decided to submit an additional {$500.00} payment. Unfortunately, the same issue persisted three times consecutively.\n\nFrustrated by the lack of progress, I contacted Capital One and was fortunate enough to speak with a supervisor who agreed to conference call XXXX XXXX, my banking institution. During the call, XXXX XXXX confirmed that Capital One had indeed failed to initiate the payment attempts following the incident in XXXX. This failure occurred on three separate occasions. After making a second call to seek resolution, an agent informed me that I could make a payment over the phone without incurring any charges. However, I opted to make the payment through the app, as I had verified that I had sufficient funds in my account. The agent assured me that the payment would be reflected by the following day, and we concluded the call. \n\nThe next morning, I logged into my Capital One account to ensure that everything was in order, only to discover that my account had been closed due to the aforementioned situation. This outcome is entirely unacceptable, considering that Capital One was at fault, not me. \n\nI maintained a flawless payment history with Capital One, yet their system experienced a glitch that resulted in the failure to request payments. Furthermore, during one instance, I had Capital One on the line while we contacted XXXX XXXX, who confirmed that no attempts were made to retrieve the payment. \n\nIt is disheartening that Capital One chose to close my account without attempting to resolve the issue, especially considering my long-standing record of timely payments. Even with my account closed, they continue to accumulate debt, which is entirely unacceptable.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "78254",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "I have been a loyal customer of Capital One for an extensive period, diligently ensuring that my payments are made on time and even exceeding the minimum required amount. However, in XXXX, I encountered an unforeseen issue when a payment I submitted was returned due to a shortage in funds caused by my mortgage company charging my mortgage. To rectify the situation, I promptly made a second payment of {$700.00}. Surprisingly, Capital One did not attempt to withdraw this payment from my checking account. Perplexed, I logged into my account after two days and, realizing that the payment was not processed, I decided to submit an additional {$500.00} payment. Unfortunately, the same issue persisted three times consecutively.\n\nFrustrated by the lack of progress, I contacted Capital One and was fortunate enough to speak with a supervisor who agreed to conference call XXXX XXXX, my banking institution. During the call, XXXX XXXX confirmed that Capital One had indeed failed to initiate the payment attempts following the incident in XXXX. This failure occurred on three separate occasions. After making a second call to seek resolution, an agent informed me that I could make a payment over the phone without incurring any charges. However, I opted to make the payment through the app, as I had verified that I had sufficient funds in my account. The agent assured me that the payment would be reflected by the following day, and we concluded the call. \n\nThe next morning, I logged into my Capital One account to ensure that everything was in order, only to discover that my account had been closed due to the aforementioned situation. This outcome is entirely unacceptable, considering that Capital One was at fault, not me. \n\nI maintained a flawless payment history with Capital One, yet their system experienced a glitch that resulted in the failure to request payments. Furthermore, during one instance, I had Capital One on the line while we contacted XXXX XXXX, who confirmed that no attempts were made to retrieve the payment. \n\nIt is disheartening that Capital One chose to close my account without attempting to resolve the issue, especially considering my long-standing record of timely payments. Even with my account closed, they continue to accumulate debt, which is entirely unacceptable."
}

Chunk:
i have been a loyal customer of capital one for an extensive period, diligently ensuring that my payments are made on time and even exceeding the minimum required amount. however, in xxxx, i encountered an unforeseen issue when a payment i submitted was returned due to a shortage in funds caused by my mortgage company charging my mortgage. to rectify the situation, i promptly made a second payment of { $ 700. 00 }. surprisingly, capital one did not attempt to withdraw this payment from my checking account. perplexed, i logged into my account after two days and, realizing that the payment was not processed, i decided to submit an additional { $ 500. 00 } payment. unfortunately, the same issue persisted three times consecutively. frustrated by the lack of progress, i contacted capital one and was fortunate enough to speak with a supervisor who agreed to conference call xxxx xxxx, my banking institution. during the call, xxxx xxxx confirmed that capital one had indeed failed to initiate the payment attempts following the incident in xxxx. this failure occurred on three separate occasions. after making a second call to seek resolution, an agent informed me that i could make a payment over the phone without incurring any charges. however, i opted to make the payment through the app, as i had verified that i had sufficient funds in my account. the agent assured me that the payment would be reflected by the following day, and we concluded the call. the next morning, i logged into my capital one account to ensure that everything was in order, only to discover that my account had been closed due to the aforementioned situation. this outcome is entirely unacceptable, considering that capital one was at fault, not me. i maintained a flawless payment history with capital one, yet their system experienced a glitch that resulted in the failure to request payments. furthermore, during one instance, i had capital one on the line while we contacted xxxx xxxx, who confirmed that no attempts were made to retrieve the payment. it is disheartening that capital one chose to close my account without attempting to resolve the issue, especially considering my long - standing record of timely payments. even with my account closed, they continue to accumulate debt, which is entirely unacceptable.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988144636154175
}
