Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9121851,
  "complaint_id": "9121851",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX XX/XX/year> : I was charged for a payment and the interest is predatory ( XXXX when the cap is XXXX ) as it is. I was told that there was no promo applied to my account and that it is not possible at the time of application despite being told otherwise. I was told it was XXXX XXXX for 18 months and then I would be charged interest. I can not afford this but I was strongly persuaded to by XXXX XXXX ( the party that opened the account with Fortiva ) because my teeth looked like it had to be treated before it developed into sepsis ( which I'm now reading from other experiences is that they do this fearmongering to force business ). I asked them to confront XXXX ( East- for this supposed promo because obviously I wouldn't know how to go about tracking this down if I was lied to initially. They told me to send them proof of said promo. I just finished college. I have student loans. I can't manage this as well, especially with the disgusting interest. I'm still looking for a job and I do not currently have savings to meet my needs and pay for this.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "30106",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Atlanticus Services Corporation",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "XXXX XX/XX/year> : I was charged for a payment and the interest is predatory ( XXXX when the cap is XXXX ) as it is. I was told that there was no promo applied to my account and that it is not possible at the time of application despite being told otherwise. I was told it was XXXX XXXX for 18 months and then I would be charged interest. I can not afford this but I was strongly persuaded to by XXXX XXXX ( the party that opened the account with Fortiva ) because my teeth looked like it had to be treated before it developed into sepsis ( which I'm now reading from other experiences is that they do this fearmongering to force business ). I asked them to confront XXXX ( East- for this supposed promo because obviously I wouldn't know how to go about tracking this down if I was lied to initially. They told me to send them proof of said promo. I just finished college. I have student loans. I can't manage this as well, especially with the disgusting interest. I'm still looking for a job and I do not currently have savings to meet my needs and pay for this."
}

Chunk:
xxxx xx / xx / year > : i was charged for a payment and the interest is predatory ( xxxx when the cap is xxxx ) as it is. i was told that there was no promo applied to my account and that it is not possible at the time of application despite being told otherwise. i was told it was xxxx xxxx for 18 months and then i would be charged interest. i can not afford this but i was strongly persuaded to by xxxx xxxx ( the party that opened the account with fortiva ) because my teeth looked like it had to be treated before it developed into sepsis ( which i'm now reading from other experiences is that they do this fearmongering to force business ). i asked them to confront xxxx ( east - for this supposed promo because obviously i wouldn't know how to go about tracking this down if i was lied to initially. they told me to send them proof of said promo. i just finished college. i have student loans. i can't manage this as well, especially with the disgusting interest. i'm still looking for a job and i do not currently have savings to meet my needs and pay for this.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993621706962585
}
