Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9009403,
  "complaint_id": "9009403",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have ( 4 ) credit cards myself, and three auth. users. One person misplaced there card and in order to get a new one I am told 4 cards would need to be shipped only regular mail 10 days. \nI dont do much business with synchrony Bank XXXX and we use this card for my XXXX  bill and all supermarkets. I dont want to loose out on the 4 % rebate so the only choice is not to request a new card as when I asked if you could overnight, the response is you dont do that. I have been in the financial industry for over thirty years and we will share our cards until the expiration date and new cards are sent. \n\nI spoke with some people from XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX and they said that they have no problems sending cards overnight. Yes It does cost mailing fees. \n\nCan they just produce one for XXXX XXXX as a damaged card then all of the cards are not effected. I have XXXX child out of state at XXXX who uses this card so we are not closing the misplaced card that is probably in the house.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "I have ( 4 ) credit cards myself, and three auth. users. One person misplaced there card and in order to get a new one I am told 4 cards would need to be shipped only regular mail 10 days. \nI dont do much business with synchrony Bank XXXX and we use this card for my XXXX  bill and all supermarkets. I dont want to loose out on the 4 % rebate so the only choice is not to request a new card as when I asked if you could overnight, the response is you dont do that. I have been in the financial industry for over thirty years and we will share our cards until the expiration date and new cards are sent. \n\nI spoke with some people from XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX and they said that they have no problems sending cards overnight. Yes It does cost mailing fees. \n\nCan they just produce one for XXXX XXXX as a damaged card then all of the cards are not effected. I have XXXX child out of state at XXXX who uses this card so we are not closing the misplaced card that is probably in the house."
}

Chunk:
i have ( 4 ) credit cards myself, and three auth. users. one person misplaced there card and in order to get a new one i am told 4 cards would need to be shipped only regular mail 10 days. i dont do much business with synchrony bank xxxx and we use this card for my xxxx bill and all supermarkets. i dont want to loose out on the 4 % rebate so the only choice is not to request a new card as when i asked if you could overnight, the response is you dont do that. i have been in the financial industry for over thirty years and we will share our cards until the expiration date and new cards are sent. i spoke with some people from xxxx, xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx and they said that they have no problems sending cards overnight. yes it does cost mailing fees. can they just produce one for xxxx xxxx as a damaged card then all of the cards are not effected. i have xxxx child out of state at xxxx who uses this card so we are not closing the misplaced card that is probably in the house.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9925000071525574
}
