Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9476864,
  "complaint_id": "9476864",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am filing this complaint against Citibank regarding an unauthorized charge on my account. A merchant enrolled me in autopay without my explicit consent and subsequently charged my card without my knowledge. This charge is fraudulent, as I did not authorize the autopay enrollment or the subsequent transaction. \n\nI have contacted Citibanks Executive Response Unit and requested a reversal of the charge, waiver of associated interest and fees, and written confirmation of the resolution. However, I have not yet received a satisfactory response. Attached are the email from the merchant notifying me of the autopay enrollment, my communication with Citibank, and proof of the unauthorized charge on my account statement.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "84103",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "UT",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I am filing this complaint against Citibank regarding an unauthorized charge on my account. A merchant enrolled me in autopay without my explicit consent and subsequently charged my card without my knowledge. This charge is fraudulent, as I did not authorize the autopay enrollment or the subsequent transaction. \n\nI have contacted Citibanks Executive Response Unit and requested a reversal of the charge, waiver of associated interest and fees, and written confirmation of the resolution. However, I have not yet received a satisfactory response. Attached are the email from the merchant notifying me of the autopay enrollment, my communication with Citibank, and proof of the unauthorized charge on my account statement."
}

Chunk:
i am filing this complaint against citibank regarding an unauthorized charge on my account. a merchant enrolled me in autopay without my explicit consent and subsequently charged my card without my knowledge. this charge is fraudulent, as i did not authorize the autopay enrollment or the subsequent transaction. i have contacted citibanks executive response unit and requested a reversal of the charge, waiver of associated interest and fees, and written confirmation of the resolution. however, i have not yet received a satisfactory response. attached are the email from the merchant notifying me of the autopay enrollment, my communication with citibank, and proof of the unauthorized charge on my account statement.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988597631454468
}
