Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9191264,
  "complaint_id": "9191264",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "am writing to file a complaint against Capital One regarding the improper closure of my account. While I was traveling, Capital One restricted my card. Since I did not have the physical card with me, I provided my ID through their digital system. Despite this, Capital One abruptly closed my account. ( capital venter card XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) Capital One claims that on XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX XXXX someone confirmed that the application for the card was fraudulent. However, I never received any call from them, which I verified by checking my call log. I am confident that they mistakenly contacted someone at my old address who is not me. This person likely responded incorrectly due to a lack of proper identification verification from Capital One. \n\nI requested information on which number Capital One called, but they refused to provide any details. Furthermore, they permanently closed my account and card, demanding that I fulfill my financial responsibility without offering any clear explanation or an opportunity to address the issue. \n\nI believe this situation arose due to a failure in Capital Ones verification process. If they had properly verified the name and birthdate, this issue would not have occurred. This has caused significant inconvenience, especially since I am currently traveling. \n\nI request that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) investigate this matter and assist in resolving it. I seek re-evaluation of the account closure, a detailed explanation of the investigation process, and ideally, the restoration of my account. \n\nThank you for your attention to this matter.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "11221",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "am writing to file a complaint against Capital One regarding the improper closure of my account. While I was traveling, Capital One restricted my card. Since I did not have the physical card with me, I provided my ID through their digital system. Despite this, Capital One abruptly closed my account. ( capital venter card XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) Capital One claims that on XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX XXXX someone confirmed that the application for the card was fraudulent. However, I never received any call from them, which I verified by checking my call log. I am confident that they mistakenly contacted someone at my old address who is not me. This person likely responded incorrectly due to a lack of proper identification verification from Capital One. \n\nI requested information on which number Capital One called, but they refused to provide any details. Furthermore, they permanently closed my account and card, demanding that I fulfill my financial responsibility without offering any clear explanation or an opportunity to address the issue. \n\nI believe this situation arose due to a failure in Capital Ones verification process. If they had properly verified the name and birthdate, this issue would not have occurred. This has caused significant inconvenience, especially since I am currently traveling. \n\nI request that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) investigate this matter and assist in resolving it. I seek re-evaluation of the account closure, a detailed explanation of the investigation process, and ideally, the restoration of my account. \n\nThank you for your attention to this matter."
}

Chunk:
am writing to file a complaint against capital one regarding the improper closure of my account. while i was traveling, capital one restricted my card. since i did not have the physical card with me, i provided my id through their digital system. despite this, capital one abruptly closed my account. ( capital venter card xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx ) capital one claims that on xx / xx / xxxx at xxxx xxxx someone confirmed that the application for the card was fraudulent. however, i never received any call from them, which i verified by checking my call log. i am confident that they mistakenly contacted someone at my old address who is not me. this person likely responded incorrectly due to a lack of proper identification verification from capital one. i requested information on which number capital one called, but they refused to provide any details. furthermore, they permanently closed my account and card, demanding that i fulfill my financial responsibility without offering any clear explanation or an opportunity to address the issue. i believe this situation arose due to a failure in capital ones verification process. if they had properly verified the name and birthdate, this issue would not have occurred. this has caused significant inconvenience, especially since i am currently traveling. i request that the consumer financial protection bureau ( cfpb ) investigate this matter and assist in resolving it. i seek re - evaluation of the account closure, a detailed explanation of the investigation process, and ideally, the restoration of my account. thank you for your attention to this matter.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995536208152771
}
