Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9004838,
  "complaint_id": "9004838",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX I call about capital one about some fraudulent charges on my account XXXX of them they cancel the card and claimed that they mail out another card to me. I have not gotten that card. I dont know who them mail out my cards too, and them are. Charge the card and hold me responsible for it when I reported those XXXX fraudulent transaction XXXX weeks later, they are saying that I am responsible for it how can I be responsible for that? I am not in the country for almost XXXX months Ive been in XXXX from XXXX. How can I benefit from a charge when I am XXXX miles away from this country I can send my Itinerary on my flight ticket to tell you when I leave this country and when I return, I will not be responsible for someone else charge",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "10469",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX I call about capital one about some fraudulent charges on my account XXXX of them they cancel the card and claimed that they mail out another card to me. I have not gotten that card. I dont know who them mail out my cards too, and them are. Charge the card and hold me responsible for it when I reported those XXXX fraudulent transaction XXXX weeks later, they are saying that I am responsible for it how can I be responsible for that? I am not in the country for almost XXXX months Ive been in XXXX from XXXX. How can I benefit from a charge when I am XXXX miles away from this country I can send my Itinerary on my flight ticket to tell you when I leave this country and when I return, I will not be responsible for someone else charge"
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx i call about capital one about some fraudulent charges on my account xxxx of them they cancel the card and claimed that they mail out another card to me. i have not gotten that card. i dont know who them mail out my cards too, and them are. charge the card and hold me responsible for it when i reported those xxxx fraudulent transaction xxxx weeks later, they are saying that i am responsible for it how can i be responsible for that? i am not in the country for almost xxxx months ive been in xxxx from xxxx. how can i benefit from a charge when i am xxxx miles away from this country i can send my itinerary on my flight ticket to tell you when i leave this country and when i return, i will not be responsible for someone else charge

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988716244697571
}
