Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9143044,
  "complaint_id": "9143044",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "In XX/XX/year> I applied to Discover for Discover IT Secured Credit card. Discover advertise that Discover It Secured credit card is for people that want to build their credit history and improve their XXXX credit score. Discover advertise that its secure IT credit card can help to improve credit score, build better and longer credit history and overall credibility. \nIt also indicated that its secured card is for people with poor to fair score and short credit history and that despite presence of those negative factors applicants has high chance of approval. \nAt the time of my application my XXXX score was XXXX - Good, The length of credit : Fair, Credit Mixt- Good, Credit payments : very good, Credit Utilization : Fair. \nDespite my good credit report and score and that this was Secured card application the Discover denied my application. Moreover, Discover in response to my application did hard pull inquiry with XXXX XXXX which lowered my score- they did not in their application that they would do hard pull inquiry. i did not authorize such inquiry and I consider it illegal. \nWhen I asked their representative about their motives of denial I was told it was due to my short length of credit history ( which was reported by XXXX as \" fair '' ). I told their representative that they promise potential applicants for secure Discover It card to improve their credit aspect including length of credit and score and that their denial of my application is contrary to what they advertise on line. I have not received any logical justification of their decision. Besides when issuing this type of card the bank Discover would not be assuming any risk as secured credit cards are backed by applicant 's own funds paid as face value of the his/her own card. This is misleading consumers practices by Discover company. No written letter of explanation of the denial was ever sent to me, the denial appear at the end of my application without any reasons.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "27330",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "DISCOVER BANK",
  "date_received": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Confusing or misleading advertising about the credit card",
  "text": "In XX/XX/year> I applied to Discover for Discover IT Secured Credit card. Discover advertise that Discover It Secured credit card is for people that want to build their credit history and improve their XXXX credit score. Discover advertise that its secure IT credit card can help to improve credit score, build better and longer credit history and overall credibility. \nIt also indicated that its secured card is for people with poor to fair score and short credit history and that despite presence of those negative factors applicants has high chance of approval. \nAt the time of my application my XXXX score was XXXX - Good, The length of credit : Fair, Credit Mixt- Good, Credit payments : very good, Credit Utilization : Fair. \nDespite my good credit report and score and that this was Secured card application the Discover denied my application. Moreover, Discover in response to my application did hard pull inquiry with XXXX XXXX which lowered my score- they did not in their application that they would do hard pull inquiry. i did not authorize such inquiry and I consider it illegal. \nWhen I asked their representative about their motives of denial I was told it was due to my short length of credit history ( which was reported by XXXX as \" fair '' ). I told their representative that they promise potential applicants for secure Discover It card to improve their credit aspect including length of credit and score and that their denial of my application is contrary to what they advertise on line. I have not received any logical justification of their decision. Besides when issuing this type of card the bank Discover would not be assuming any risk as secured credit cards are backed by applicant 's own funds paid as face value of the his/her own card. This is misleading consumers practices by Discover company. No written letter of explanation of the denial was ever sent to me, the denial appear at the end of my application without any reasons."
}

Chunk:
in xx / xx / year > i applied to discover for discover it secured credit card. discover advertise that discover it secured credit card is for people that want to build their credit history and improve their xxxx credit score. discover advertise that its secure it credit card can help to improve credit score, build better and longer credit history and overall credibility. it also indicated that its secured card is for people with poor to fair score and short credit history and that despite presence of those negative factors applicants has high chance of approval. at the time of my application my xxxx score was xxxx - good, the length of credit : fair, credit mixt - good, credit payments : very good, credit utilization : fair. despite my good credit report and score and that this was secured card application the discover denied my application. moreover, discover in response to my application did hard pull inquiry with xxxx xxxx which lowered my score - they did not in their application that they would do hard pull inquiry. i did not authorize such inquiry and i consider it illegal. when i asked their representative about their motives of denial i was told it was due to my short length of credit history ( which was reported by xxxx as " fair'' ). i told their representative that they promise potential applicants for secure discover it card to improve their credit aspect including length of credit and score and that their denial of my application is contrary to what they advertise on line. i have not received any logical justification of their decision. besides when issuing this type of card the bank discover would not be assuming any risk as secured credit cards are backed by applicant's own funds paid as face value of the his / her own card. this is misleading consumers practices by discover company. no written letter of explanation of the denial was ever sent to me, the denial appear at the end of my application without any reasons.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9983237385749817
}
