Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9361217,
  "complaint_id": "9361217",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I had a Home Depot Credit card issued through Citi years ago. That account was closed by Citi due to inactivity, as I never used it. That account has all of my old contact information ( old phone number, old username, password, etc. ) When I went to use the card, I had to reapply. I did so & now have the card. However, I'm unable to get logged in to make payments. When I attempt registering it using the last 4 of my SSN, phone number, etc I'm told that's the incorrect info, though it is not. I've contacted customer service numerous times & spent well over 45 mins on the phone each time being transferred to person to person with no rectification. The new card is somehow linked to the old account that was closed due to inactivity. As such, I do not have access to whatever that login password was, the phone number that I had at that time, etc. They say they can't change my password without texting me a verification code. The verification code can't be sent to my phone number ( XXXX ) because that's not the number on the account ... which is the old account that was used years ago. They can't update that phone number without texting me a verification code... again, to the old phone number. I can't register for a new account with this card, because it's linked to that old account. I've incessantly been transferred from person to person and this still has not been rectified. As of today, I'm still unable to login and make a payment.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "72034",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AR",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "I had a Home Depot Credit card issued through Citi years ago. That account was closed by Citi due to inactivity, as I never used it. That account has all of my old contact information ( old phone number, old username, password, etc. ) When I went to use the card, I had to reapply. I did so & now have the card. However, I'm unable to get logged in to make payments. When I attempt registering it using the last 4 of my SSN, phone number, etc I'm told that's the incorrect info, though it is not. I've contacted customer service numerous times & spent well over 45 mins on the phone each time being transferred to person to person with no rectification. The new card is somehow linked to the old account that was closed due to inactivity. As such, I do not have access to whatever that login password was, the phone number that I had at that time, etc. They say they can't change my password without texting me a verification code. The verification code can't be sent to my phone number ( XXXX ) because that's not the number on the account ... which is the old account that was used years ago. They can't update that phone number without texting me a verification code... again, to the old phone number. I can't register for a new account with this card, because it's linked to that old account. I've incessantly been transferred from person to person and this still has not been rectified. As of today, I'm still unable to login and make a payment."
}

Chunk:
i had a home depot credit card issued through citi years ago. that account was closed by citi due to inactivity, as i never used it. that account has all of my old contact information ( old phone number, old username, password, etc. ) when i went to use the card, i had to reapply. i did so & now have the card. however, i'm unable to get logged in to make payments. when i attempt registering it using the last 4 of my ssn, phone number, etc i'm told that's the incorrect info, though it is not. i've contacted customer service numerous times & spent well over 45 mins on the phone each time being transferred to person to person with no rectification. the new card is somehow linked to the old account that was closed due to inactivity. as such, i do not have access to whatever that login password was, the phone number that i had at that time, etc. they say they can't change my password without texting me a verification code. the verification code can't be sent to my phone number ( xxxx ) because that's not the number on the account... which is the old account that was used years ago. they can't update that phone number without texting me a verification code... again, to the old phone number. i can't register for a new account with this card, because it's linked to that old account. i've incessantly been transferred from person to person and this still has not been rectified. as of today, i'm still unable to login and make a payment.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992935657501221
}
