Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9498634,
  "complaint_id": "9498634",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I know this was closed as a duplicate, yet, this is specifically about the result of an Investigation I requested into the handling of my disputes and what has been reported to the credit bureau, not a complaint about the dispute or it's outcome for that matter. Unless an investigation in which a financial institution actively covers up fraud is the same as complaining about a dispute. Who knows. Two separate items available to select from. So I am submitting it again, although I'm sure the CFPB ( or U.S. Bank, how ever it works ) will close it again, as they seem to have no standards of conduct, ethical bounds, or reason to do otherwise. But a copy and paste cost me nothing. I recently received a response to several complaints and requests for investigations that is disingenuous and factually inaccurate beyond what is reasonable. I keep forgetting that a bank intentionally cheating you out of money isnt illegal. They are allowed to lie and violate their own policies as long as its not for their financial gain. While they may not be allowed to do it for others, proving that is what they did, even when a toddler in a hurry would find it obvious, and there is no other logical explanation for their actions, can be problematic. Ive recently received several thankings from state AGs for explaining how they scam so many people. Their nearly two page response is provably inaccurate to an offensive degree. That is by design. They are allowed to lie, violate their own policies, and act in bad faith. Its an attempt to distract from the things they did so poorly they may actually be provable despite the outrageously permissive legal environment they operate in. They also left themselves a good amount of wiggle room. They have refused to provide me notice in writing for anything after I was able to pick out every attempt by theirs to submit fraudulent cases. They state they are still researching, but unless they have disabled email notifications entirely for me, that is also not true. Which I suspect might be the case given the number of they never informed me of that have yet to be completed ( I scanned and XXXX 'd every form they sent me, of which their are thousands of duplicates ). All this despite my repeated written requests that they stop because they appeared to be doing the incorrect transactions intentionally. I provided documentation that employees of The XXXX XXXX conspired with XXXX in an effort to defraud and steal from me. And that XXXX was currently doing the same with charges that they had already promised refunds for and/or I had not even disputed. I would believe that is the primary reason they finalized XXXX XXXX credits that left me positive {$360.00}. The XXXX XXXX had done such a good job of ambiguating charges, there was too much risk associated with reversing any single claim. So I got to keep XXXX of XXXX leaving me in the positive. Yet The XXXX XXXX has started to attempt the exact same scam again. They clearly faced no repercussions for their financial crimes, and believe themselves capable again. If the XXXX XXXX did not pay for a dispute, who did? This was the third time I provided this documentation to them. It took that long for me to generate enough noise that they finally felt like they had to listen. XXXX issued the refunds 4 minutes after U.S. Bank received the fax.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "490XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "U.S. BANCORP",
  "date_received": "2024-07-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Was not notified of investigation status or results",
  "text": "I know this was closed as a duplicate, yet, this is specifically about the result of an Investigation I requested into the handling of my disputes and what has been reported to the credit bureau, not a complaint about the dispute or it's outcome for that matter. Unless an investigation in which a financial institution actively covers up fraud is the same as complaining about a dispute. Who knows. Two separate items available to select from. So I am submitting it again, although I'm sure the CFPB ( or U.S. Bank, how ever it works ) will close it again, as they seem to have no standards of conduct, ethical bounds, or reason to do otherwise. But a copy and paste cost me nothing. I recently received a response to several complaints and requests for investigations that is disingenuous and factually inaccurate beyond what is reasonable. I keep forgetting that a bank intentionally cheating you out of money isnt illegal. They are allowed to lie and violate their own policies as long as its not for their financial gain. While they may not be allowed to do it for others, proving that is what they did, even when a toddler in a hurry would find it obvious, and there is no other logical explanation for their actions, can be problematic. Ive recently received several thankings from state AGs for explaining how they scam so many people. Their nearly two page response is provably inaccurate to an offensive degree. That is by design. They are allowed to lie, violate their own policies, and act in bad faith. Its an attempt to distract from the things they did so poorly they may actually be provable despite the outrageously permissive legal environment they operate in. They also left themselves a good amount of wiggle room. They have refused to provide me notice in writing for anything after I was able to pick out every attempt by theirs to submit fraudulent cases. They state they are still researching, but unless they have disabled email notifications entirely for me, that is also not true. Which I suspect might be the case given the number of they never informed me of that have yet to be completed ( I scanned and XXXX 'd every form they sent me, of which their are thousands of duplicates ). All this despite my repeated written requests that they stop because they appeared to be doing the incorrect transactions intentionally. I provided documentation that employees of The XXXX XXXX conspired with XXXX in an effort to defraud and steal from me. And that XXXX was currently doing the same with charges that they had already promised refunds for and/or I had not even disputed. I would believe that is the primary reason they finalized XXXX XXXX credits that left me positive {$360.00}. The XXXX XXXX had done such a good job of ambiguating charges, there was too much risk associated with reversing any single claim. So I got to keep XXXX of XXXX leaving me in the positive. Yet The XXXX XXXX has started to attempt the exact same scam again. They clearly faced no repercussions for their financial crimes, and believe themselves capable again. If the XXXX XXXX did not pay for a dispute, who did? This was the third time I provided this documentation to them. It took that long for me to generate enough noise that they finally felt like they had to listen. XXXX issued the refunds 4 minutes after U.S. Bank received the fax."
}

Chunk:
currently doing the same with charges that they had already promised refunds for and / or i had not even disputed. i would believe that is the primary reason they finalized xxxx xxxx credits that left me positive { $ 360. 00 }. the xxxx xxxx had done such a good job of ambiguating charges, there was too much risk associated with reversing any single claim. so i got to keep xxxx of xxxx leaving me in the positive. yet the xxxx xxxx has started to attempt the exact same scam again. they clearly faced no repercussions for their financial crimes, and believe themselves capable again. if the xxxx xxxx did not pay for a dispute, who did? this was the third time i provided this documentation to them. it took that long for me to generate enough noise that they finally felt like they had to listen. xxxx issued the refunds 4 minutes after u. s. bank received the fax.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.990504801273346
}
