Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9089015,
  "complaint_id": "9089015",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I contacted Bank of America in regards to my World Elite credit card. I explained to the representative that my payments are posting late dispite utilzing their automatic system that states if you make a payment on the due date at XXXXXXXX XXXX the payment will post that day. That is not happening. They also continue to lower my credit limit, which places me over the limit and causes an impact to the debt- to- income ratio. I have been denied credit and jobs because of their lack of honoring their company policy. I have also had my scores tremendously impacted because of their tattics. I would like to have all late payments removed from my credit report and bill to restore my credit worthiness to other creditors. I have been a customer I spoke with the representative XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I contacted Bank of America in regards to my World Elite credit card. I explained to the representative that my payments are posting late dispite utilzing their automatic system that states if you make a payment on the due date at XXXXXXXX XXXX the payment will post that day. That is not happening. They also continue to lower my credit limit, which places me over the limit and causes an impact to the debt- to- income ratio. I have been denied credit and jobs because of their lack of honoring their company policy. I have also had my scores tremendously impacted because of their tattics. I would like to have all late payments removed from my credit report and bill to restore my credit worthiness to other creditors. I have been a customer I spoke with the representative XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
i contacted bank of america in regards to my world elite credit card. i explained to the representative that my payments are posting late dispite utilzing their automatic system that states if you make a payment on the due date at xxxxxxxx xxxx the payment will post that day. that is not happening. they also continue to lower my credit limit, which places me over the limit and causes an impact to the debt - to - income ratio. i have been denied credit and jobs because of their lack of honoring their company policy. i have also had my scores tremendously impacted because of their tattics. i would like to have all late payments removed from my credit report and bill to restore my credit worthiness to other creditors. i have been a customer i spoke with the representative xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9971970319747925
}
