Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9296750,
  "complaint_id": "9296750",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I attempted a 'time limited ( 5 min ) \" online purchase of a product using my Barclays Aviator Mastercard . The attempt failed with a note 'fraudulent credit card info '. A second attempt was made after reentering my credit card info. Again a note saying \" frudulent credit card info '. At this point, I suspecting my time limit had expired I decided NOT TO PURCHASE the item. So, I terminated the website connection.\n\nI now received a text message from Barclays asking to confirm an online purchase from the online company. I called Barclays and told them what had happened and refused the charge. Within 5 min of the first text a second Barclays text came about an online purchase from the same company. I called Barclays again and explained the situation and refused the charge. I ALSO REQUESTED BARCLAYS NOT ACCEPT ANY CHARGE FROM THE ONLINE COMPANY THE TWO PREVIOUS BARCLAYS PURCHASE VERIFICATIONS WERE FROM. The next day I checked my account and there was a transaction from the online company for the product I did not want.\n\nI contacted Barclays Dispute Department and explained the entire series of events and I was asked if it was a fraudulent charge. Based on what happened above and the text messages using the words 'fraudulent ' I said I guess. That comment caused my situation to be sent to the Barclays Fraud Department. I again explained the situation and Barclays opened a Fraud report. I was contacted later by the Barclays Fraud Department and explained the situation again to a Barclays Fraud Dep supervisor ( XXXX ). She explained to me that is was not a fraud matter and she said the fraud incident would be CANCELED and told me to submit a dispute. I then went to the dispute department and was told to submit a letter to Barclays Dispute Dep requesting to established a dispute. After 14+ days I got a letter from Barclays denying the dispute. I called the dispute department and explained to the dispute rep that I had contacted the online company and had received a Return Merchandise Authorization ( RMA ) from the online company and that the product had been confirmed returned by the online company. I was asked to generate another letter to Barclays Dispute Department explaining what had occurred and requesting to reopen the dispute. \nI called Barclays on XX/XX/year> and was told the dispute could not be established because the matter was initially treated as a 'fraud ' and once treated as a fraud it could not be handled as a 'dispute '. WHY AFTER TALKING TO A FRAUD DEPARTMENT SUPERVISOR AND TWO DISPUTE DEPARTMENT PERSONNEL THAT BOTH TOLD ME TO WRITE LETTERS TO BARCLAYS TO OPEN THE DISPUTE AM I NOW TOLD A DISPUTE COULD NOT BE ESTABLISHED. I have checked the Barclays Aviator Mastercard Terms and Conditions and have not found any text stating that if a charge is submitted as a 'fraud ' that it can not be later submitted as a 'dispute '.\n\nTHIS IS TOTALLY INCONSIDERATE TO THE CREDIT CARD HOLDER AND THIS DISPUTE NEEDS TO BE ACCEPTED AN THE FUNDS RETURNED TO MY ACCOUNT!",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "45431",
  "tags": "Older American, Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-06-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I attempted a 'time limited ( 5 min ) \" online purchase of a product using my Barclays Aviator Mastercard . The attempt failed with a note 'fraudulent credit card info '. A second attempt was made after reentering my credit card info. Again a note saying \" frudulent credit card info '. At this point, I suspecting my time limit had expired I decided NOT TO PURCHASE the item. So, I terminated the website connection.\n\nI now received a text message from Barclays asking to confirm an online purchase from the online company. I called Barclays and told them what had happened and refused the charge. Within 5 min of the first text a second Barclays text came about an online purchase from the same company. I called Barclays again and explained the situation and refused the charge. I ALSO REQUESTED BARCLAYS NOT ACCEPT ANY CHARGE FROM THE ONLINE COMPANY THE TWO PREVIOUS BARCLAYS PURCHASE VERIFICATIONS WERE FROM. The next day I checked my account and there was a transaction from the online company for the product I did not want.\n\nI contacted Barclays Dispute Department and explained the entire series of events and I was asked if it was a fraudulent charge. Based on what happened above and the text messages using the words 'fraudulent ' I said I guess. That comment caused my situation to be sent to the Barclays Fraud Department. I again explained the situation and Barclays opened a Fraud report. I was contacted later by the Barclays Fraud Department and explained the situation again to a Barclays Fraud Dep supervisor ( XXXX ). She explained to me that is was not a fraud matter and she said the fraud incident would be CANCELED and told me to submit a dispute. I then went to the dispute department and was told to submit a letter to Barclays Dispute Dep requesting to established a dispute. After 14+ days I got a letter from Barclays denying the dispute. I called the dispute department and explained to the dispute rep that I had contacted the online company and had received a Return Merchandise Authorization ( RMA ) from the online company and that the product had been confirmed returned by the online company. I was asked to generate another letter to Barclays Dispute Department explaining what had occurred and requesting to reopen the dispute. \nI called Barclays on XX/XX/year> and was told the dispute could not be established because the matter was initially treated as a 'fraud ' and once treated as a fraud it could not be handled as a 'dispute '. WHY AFTER TALKING TO A FRAUD DEPARTMENT SUPERVISOR AND TWO DISPUTE DEPARTMENT PERSONNEL THAT BOTH TOLD ME TO WRITE LETTERS TO BARCLAYS TO OPEN THE DISPUTE AM I NOW TOLD A DISPUTE COULD NOT BE ESTABLISHED. I have checked the Barclays Aviator Mastercard Terms and Conditions and have not found any text stating that if a charge is submitted as a 'fraud ' that it can not be later submitted as a 'dispute '.\n\nTHIS IS TOTALLY INCONSIDERATE TO THE CREDIT CARD HOLDER AND THIS DISPUTE NEEDS TO BE ACCEPTED AN THE FUNDS RETURNED TO MY ACCOUNT!"
}

Chunk:
i attempted a'time limited ( 5 min ) " online purchase of a product using my barclays aviator mastercard. the attempt failed with a note'fraudulent credit card info '. a second attempt was made after reentering my credit card info. again a note saying " frudulent credit card info '. at this point, i suspecting my time limit had expired i decided not to purchase the item. so, i terminated the website connection. i now received a text message from barclays asking to confirm an online purchase from the online company. i called barclays and told them what had happened and refused the charge. within 5 min of the first text a second barclays text came about an online purchase from the same company. i called barclays again and explained the situation and refused the charge. i also requested barclays not accept any charge from the online company the two previous barclays purchase verifications were from. the next day i checked my account and there was a transaction from the online company for the product i did not want. i contacted barclays dispute department and explained the entire series of events and i was asked if it was a fraudulent charge. based on what happened above and the text messages using the words'fraudulent'i said i guess. that comment caused my situation to be sent to the barclays fraud department. i again explained the situation and barclays opened a fraud report. i was contacted later by the barclays fraud department and explained the situation again to a barclays fraud dep supervisor ( xxxx ). she explained to me that is was not a fraud matter and she said the fraud incident would be canceled and told me to submit a dispute. i then went to the dispute department and was told to submit a letter to barclays dispute dep requesting to established a dispute. after 14 + days i got a letter from barclays denying the dispute. i called the dispute department and explained to the dispute rep that i had contacted the online company and had received a return merchandise authorization ( rma ) from the online company and that the product had been confirmed returned by the online company. i was asked to generate another letter to barclays dispute department explaining what had occurred and requesting to reopen the dispute. i called barclays on xx / xx / year > and was told the dispute could not be established because the matter was initially treated as a'fraud'and once treated as a fraud it could not be handled as a'dispute '. why after talking to a fraud department supervisor and two dispute department personnel

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999250590801239
}
