Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9457175,
  "complaint_id": "9457175",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I bought my computer in XXXX. I opened a Best Buy store credit card in order to finance my purchase. I made regular payments on this credit card from XXXX - early XXXX. In XXXX of XXXX, I missed ONE payment - JUST ONE PAYMENT - due to my money being allocated to medical services. ( These medical services were far more necessary than my credit card payment. ) As a result, Citi Bank gave me a late fee. I paid the late fee and got my card up to date. \n\nHowever, Citi Bank has continued to charge me a late fee for EVERY PAYMENT since XX/XX/XXXX. I closed my account and agreed to their special payment plan - a situation that should have no more incurring fees, a lower interest rate, a NEW DUE DATE, and a lower monthly payment. I have a contract stating this. \n\nCiti Bank has not upheld their end of the agreement. They are continuing to publish my account as past due, they are continuing to hound me for payments DESPITE MY PAYMENT PLAN BEING ON AUTOPAY, and they continue to trash my credit through the credit bureaus by not informing them of my payment plan and maintaining that my card is past due. \n\nI have not missed a payment since the one in XX/XX/XXXX. I have full documentation of my payments as proof. \n\nI would like my account removed from their possession. They do not do ethical business and they do not respond to the letters that I have sent. I have tried contacting them through the secure message feature on their website more than once. As of now, they have actually removed that feature from my account, which also feels unethical. \n\nI am suffering on their account due to my trashed credit score being infinitely lower than it should be. Every other card and debt I have is being paid off in a timely manner and I do not live above my means. If this is not rectified one way or another, I will be seeking legal counsel. \n\nThanks for your help.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Struggling to pay your bill",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "30736",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem lowering your monthly payments",
  "text": "I bought my computer in XXXX. I opened a Best Buy store credit card in order to finance my purchase. I made regular payments on this credit card from XXXX - early XXXX. In XXXX of XXXX, I missed ONE payment - JUST ONE PAYMENT - due to my money being allocated to medical services. ( These medical services were far more necessary than my credit card payment. ) As a result, Citi Bank gave me a late fee. I paid the late fee and got my card up to date. \n\nHowever, Citi Bank has continued to charge me a late fee for EVERY PAYMENT since XX/XX/XXXX. I closed my account and agreed to their special payment plan - a situation that should have no more incurring fees, a lower interest rate, a NEW DUE DATE, and a lower monthly payment. I have a contract stating this. \n\nCiti Bank has not upheld their end of the agreement. They are continuing to publish my account as past due, they are continuing to hound me for payments DESPITE MY PAYMENT PLAN BEING ON AUTOPAY, and they continue to trash my credit through the credit bureaus by not informing them of my payment plan and maintaining that my card is past due. \n\nI have not missed a payment since the one in XX/XX/XXXX. I have full documentation of my payments as proof. \n\nI would like my account removed from their possession. They do not do ethical business and they do not respond to the letters that I have sent. I have tried contacting them through the secure message feature on their website more than once. As of now, they have actually removed that feature from my account, which also feels unethical. \n\nI am suffering on their account due to my trashed credit score being infinitely lower than it should be. Every other card and debt I have is being paid off in a timely manner and I do not live above my means. If this is not rectified one way or another, I will be seeking legal counsel. \n\nThanks for your help."
}

Chunk:
i bought my computer in xxxx. i opened a best buy store credit card in order to finance my purchase. i made regular payments on this credit card from xxxx - early xxxx. in xxxx of xxxx, i missed one payment - just one payment - due to my money being allocated to medical services. ( these medical services were far more necessary than my credit card payment. ) as a result, citi bank gave me a late fee. i paid the late fee and got my card up to date. however, citi bank has continued to charge me a late fee for every payment since xx / xx / xxxx. i closed my account and agreed to their special payment plan - a situation that should have no more incurring fees, a lower interest rate, a new due date, and a lower monthly payment. i have a contract stating this. citi bank has not upheld their end of the agreement. they are continuing to publish my account as past due, they are continuing to hound me for payments despite my payment plan being on autopay, and they continue to trash my credit through the credit bureaus by not informing them of my payment plan and maintaining that my card is past due. i have not missed a payment since the one in xx / xx / xxxx. i have full documentation of my payments as proof. i would like my account removed from their possession. they do not do ethical business and they do not respond to the letters that i have sent. i have tried contacting them through the secure message feature on their website more than once. as of now, they have actually removed that feature from my account, which also feels unethical. i am suffering on their account due to my trashed credit score being infinitely lower than it should be. every other card and debt i have is being paid off in a timely manner and i do not live above my means. if this is not rectified one way or another, i will be seeking legal counsel. thanks for your help.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.99954754114151
}
