Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9619303,
  "complaint_id": "9619303",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My wife and I were both scammed by this company by the name of XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX ) where we were promised various accomplishments if we would join their team. After couple months in we noticed things weren't how they said they would go and so we reached out to their \" customer service '' representative after explaining our concerns they ended up saying the services were rendered which they weren't. We started looking a bit further and reached out to other members that joined the same time we did, and they also started making complaints to the company. Months passed and the company came up on the news stating that they were making fraud by promising to their customers an easy way of making money by joining their team of investing in properties. They are currently being investigated and the FTC is also being involved in this case which the FTC advised the affected customers to reach out to the bank institution and try to get a refund of our money. We then reached out to my bank institution which is Bank of America we explained the whole situation and a claim was opened. We received feedback on the case and unfortunately, we were not lucky enough to get out money back one because of how long it took to open a claim, and second because there wasn't sufficient information to prove there was an error in the transaction. We called and explained FTC advised us to open a claim, but they still did not solve anything for us. A lot of members that joined the same time we did were lucky enough and got their money back unfortunately we haven't seen any update on our case. We have receipts of everything including email conversations, total amount that we need refund on, letter of case denied by our bank institution, Whatever proof we can provide for someone to help us on this please we beg for help since it is a lot of money we worked hard for and only wanted a better life for our kid.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "77088",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-07-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "My wife and I were both scammed by this company by the name of XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX ) where we were promised various accomplishments if we would join their team. After couple months in we noticed things weren't how they said they would go and so we reached out to their \" customer service '' representative after explaining our concerns they ended up saying the services were rendered which they weren't. We started looking a bit further and reached out to other members that joined the same time we did, and they also started making complaints to the company. Months passed and the company came up on the news stating that they were making fraud by promising to their customers an easy way of making money by joining their team of investing in properties. They are currently being investigated and the FTC is also being involved in this case which the FTC advised the affected customers to reach out to the bank institution and try to get a refund of our money. We then reached out to my bank institution which is Bank of America we explained the whole situation and a claim was opened. We received feedback on the case and unfortunately, we were not lucky enough to get out money back one because of how long it took to open a claim, and second because there wasn't sufficient information to prove there was an error in the transaction. We called and explained FTC advised us to open a claim, but they still did not solve anything for us. A lot of members that joined the same time we did were lucky enough and got their money back unfortunately we haven't seen any update on our case. We have receipts of everything including email conversations, total amount that we need refund on, letter of case denied by our bank institution, Whatever proof we can provide for someone to help us on this please we beg for help since it is a lot of money we worked hard for and only wanted a better life for our kid."
}

Chunk:
my wife and i were both scammed by this company by the name of xxxx xxxx xxxx ( xxxx xxxx xxxx ) where we were promised various accomplishments if we would join their team. after couple months in we noticed things weren't how they said they would go and so we reached out to their " customer service'' representative after explaining our concerns they ended up saying the services were rendered which they weren't. we started looking a bit further and reached out to other members that joined the same time we did, and they also started making complaints to the company. months passed and the company came up on the news stating that they were making fraud by promising to their customers an easy way of making money by joining their team of investing in properties. they are currently being investigated and the ftc is also being involved in this case which the ftc advised the affected customers to reach out to the bank institution and try to get a refund of our money. we then reached out to my bank institution which is bank of america we explained the whole situation and a claim was opened. we received feedback on the case and unfortunately, we were not lucky enough to get out money back one because of how long it took to open a claim, and second because there wasn't sufficient information to prove there was an error in the transaction. we called and explained ftc advised us to open a claim, but they still did not solve anything for us. a lot of members that joined the same time we did were lucky enough and got their money back unfortunately we haven't seen any update on our case. we have receipts of everything including email conversations, total amount that we need refund on, letter of case denied by our bank institution, whatever proof we can provide for someone to help us on this please we beg for help since it is a lot of money we worked hard for and only wanted a better life for our kid.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9982373714447021
}
