Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9125219,
  "complaint_id": "9125219",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to you regarding a matter of utmost importance concerning an identity theft incident that has severely impacted my financial well-being. I have recently become aware of an account that is not of my doing and is the result of fraudulent activity. I am requesting your assistance in accordance with Florida state laws and FCRA During the mentioned period, I was XXXX overseas and did not have access to my account or my personal devices due to the nature of my service. Furthermore, I was made aware that my identity was compromised through a SIM swap scam and email take over, which allowed unauthorized individuals to gain access to my accounts and personal information. \n\n\nXXXX account # XXXX date open XX/XX/year> It is a fact that I am aware that the term \" identity theft, '' as defined in 15 U.S. Code 1681a ( q ) ( 3 ), and Regulation V 12 CFR 1022.3, refers to a fraud committed or attempted using the identifying information of another person without authorization. This unauthorized account with XXXX/OPPLNS is a clear instance of identity theft as defined by the aforementioned laws. \ni have attatch police report I, XXXX XXXX, solemnly declare under penalty of perjury, that the information provided in this letter is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. I did not authorize or engage in any transactions with FNWSE/OPPLNS or the associated account number mentioned above. I have attached copies of supporting documents, including the police report, to support my claim. \n\nI respectfully request that you promptly investigate this matter and block remove the information related to this identity theft from my credit report, as permitted by 15 U.S. Code 1681c-2 ( a ). Furthermore, I request that you provide me with a copy of my credit report that reflects this blocked information. \n\nPlease send any correspondence related to this matter to the address provided above or contact me at XXXX if you require any additional information or clarification. I appreciate your prompt attention to this matter and your assistance in resolving this issue. \n\nSincerely,",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33023",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Opportunity Financial, LLC",
  "date_received": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "I am writing to you regarding a matter of utmost importance concerning an identity theft incident that has severely impacted my financial well-being. I have recently become aware of an account that is not of my doing and is the result of fraudulent activity. I am requesting your assistance in accordance with Florida state laws and FCRA During the mentioned period, I was XXXX overseas and did not have access to my account or my personal devices due to the nature of my service. Furthermore, I was made aware that my identity was compromised through a SIM swap scam and email take over, which allowed unauthorized individuals to gain access to my accounts and personal information. \n\n\nXXXX account # XXXX date open XX/XX/year> It is a fact that I am aware that the term \" identity theft, '' as defined in 15 U.S. Code 1681a ( q ) ( 3 ), and Regulation V 12 CFR 1022.3, refers to a fraud committed or attempted using the identifying information of another person without authorization. This unauthorized account with XXXX/OPPLNS is a clear instance of identity theft as defined by the aforementioned laws. \ni have attatch police report I, XXXX XXXX, solemnly declare under penalty of perjury, that the information provided in this letter is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. I did not authorize or engage in any transactions with FNWSE/OPPLNS or the associated account number mentioned above. I have attached copies of supporting documents, including the police report, to support my claim. \n\nI respectfully request that you promptly investigate this matter and block remove the information related to this identity theft from my credit report, as permitted by 15 U.S. Code 1681c-2 ( a ). Furthermore, I request that you provide me with a copy of my credit report that reflects this blocked information. \n\nPlease send any correspondence related to this matter to the address provided above or contact me at XXXX if you require any additional information or clarification. I appreciate your prompt attention to this matter and your assistance in resolving this issue. \n\nSincerely,"
}

Chunk:
i am writing to you regarding a matter of utmost importance concerning an identity theft incident that has severely impacted my financial well - being. i have recently become aware of an account that is not of my doing and is the result of fraudulent activity. i am requesting your assistance in accordance with florida state laws and fcra during the mentioned period, i was xxxx overseas and did not have access to my account or my personal devices due to the nature of my service. furthermore, i was made aware that my identity was compromised through a sim swap scam and email take over, which allowed unauthorized individuals to gain access to my accounts and personal information. xxxx account # xxxx date open xx / xx / year > it is a fact that i am aware that the term " identity theft,'' as defined in 15 u. s. code 1681a ( q ) ( 3 ), and regulation v 12 cfr 1022. 3, refers to a fraud committed or attempted using the identifying information of another person without authorization. this unauthorized account with xxxx / opplns is a clear instance of identity theft as defined by the aforementioned laws. i have attatch police report i, xxxx xxxx, solemnly declare under penalty of perjury, that the information provided in this letter is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. i did not authorize or engage in any transactions with fnwse / opplns or the associated account number mentioned above. i have attached copies of supporting documents, including the police report, to support my claim. i respectfully request that you promptly investigate this matter and block remove the information related to this identity theft from my credit report, as permitted by 15 u. s. code 1681c - 2 ( a ). furthermore, i request that you provide me with a copy of my credit report that reflects this blocked information. please send any correspondence related to this matter to the address provided above or contact me at xxxx if you require any additional information or clarification. i appreciate your prompt attention to this matter and your assistance in resolving this issue. sincerely,

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9701647162437439
}
