Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9236297,
  "complaint_id": "9236297",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX 's XXXX # XXXX In XX/XX/XXXX, I applied for a JetBlue credit card through XXXX 's. On XX/XX/XXXX, a letter was sent requesting further information to verify my identity, even though I already hold a credit card through Barclay 's ( a XXXX XXXX ). I hesitantly sent through a copy of my driver 's license, a copy of the front of my Social Security card and a utility bill, as requested. I'd like to note sending this type of information through the mail makes me very uncomfortable and is potentially a threat to my credit, as this information could be intercepted and used. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX, I called to check the status of my application and was told that they received the information I had previously sent, but I did not include a copy of the BACK of my social security card, which is something in all of my years I have NEVER been asked to do. I sent over a fax ( which I was told previously that I could not do ) on the same date with a copy of the back of my Social Security card. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX, they sent another letter requesting the same information. When I called to inquire why, they verified that they HAD received all of the information I previously sent, including the back of my Social Security Card. The Drivers license, front of Social Security Card and utility bill had all been verified and approved on XX/XX/XXXX, according to their notes, and on XX/XX/XXXX, the back of my Social Security card was approved. I was advised by Barclay 's rep that all parts were accounted for AND that my application had been approved. \nAs of today, XX/XX/XXXX, I still had not received any credit card information NOR a denial letter ( which would be odd since I was already approved ) so I called Barclay 's back and spoke with XXXX who said that it's been 90 days since I applied so I'd have to re-apply again, despite her confirmation that, yes, all docs had been verified and yes, I had been approved. Why should I take another inquiry hit to my credit report for something that was already approved? I did everything that was asked of me, my credit inquiries took a hit and yet Barclay 's wants me to apply AGAIN? I would just cancel my other Barclay 's card and not re-apply if it didn't make sense to have this particular airline card since my daughter goes to school in New Jersey and we now frequently fly XXXX. I would like the card I was originally approved for, as it is not fair or right for me to have to re-apply or for my credit to have another inquiry.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "93063",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Delay in processing application",
  "text": "XXXX 's XXXX # XXXX In XX/XX/XXXX, I applied for a JetBlue credit card through XXXX 's. On XX/XX/XXXX, a letter was sent requesting further information to verify my identity, even though I already hold a credit card through Barclay 's ( a XXXX XXXX ). I hesitantly sent through a copy of my driver 's license, a copy of the front of my Social Security card and a utility bill, as requested. I'd like to note sending this type of information through the mail makes me very uncomfortable and is potentially a threat to my credit, as this information could be intercepted and used. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX, I called to check the status of my application and was told that they received the information I had previously sent, but I did not include a copy of the BACK of my social security card, which is something in all of my years I have NEVER been asked to do. I sent over a fax ( which I was told previously that I could not do ) on the same date with a copy of the back of my Social Security card. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX, they sent another letter requesting the same information. When I called to inquire why, they verified that they HAD received all of the information I previously sent, including the back of my Social Security Card. The Drivers license, front of Social Security Card and utility bill had all been verified and approved on XX/XX/XXXX, according to their notes, and on XX/XX/XXXX, the back of my Social Security card was approved. I was advised by Barclay 's rep that all parts were accounted for AND that my application had been approved. \nAs of today, XX/XX/XXXX, I still had not received any credit card information NOR a denial letter ( which would be odd since I was already approved ) so I called Barclay 's back and spoke with XXXX who said that it's been 90 days since I applied so I'd have to re-apply again, despite her confirmation that, yes, all docs had been verified and yes, I had been approved. Why should I take another inquiry hit to my credit report for something that was already approved? I did everything that was asked of me, my credit inquiries took a hit and yet Barclay 's wants me to apply AGAIN? I would just cancel my other Barclay 's card and not re-apply if it didn't make sense to have this particular airline card since my daughter goes to school in New Jersey and we now frequently fly XXXX. I would like the card I was originally approved for, as it is not fair or right for me to have to re-apply or for my credit to have another inquiry."
}

Chunk:
make sense to have this particular airline card since my daughter goes to school in new jersey and we now frequently fly xxxx. i would like the card i was originally approved for, as it is not fair or right for me to have to re - apply or for my credit to have another inquiry.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9771876931190491
}
