Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9361087,
  "complaint_id": "9361087",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am in receipt of an inadequate response from Citibank involving a previously file complaint ( number XXXX XXXX ). \nCitibank stated that they would reimburse me in rewards point for which I incurred a financial loss. This points reimbursements does not equate to my financial loss due to no fault of my own. I further requested an explanation on what steps I could have taken to avoid a financial loss by reimbursing Citibank Reward Points through their program? I further asked, why I was not contacted before I checked into the hotel that was reserved through their rewards program and by which, I received doubly confirmed confirmation numbers from Citibank travel and XXXX XXXX via Citibank Travel ( Citibank # XXXX and XXXX XXXX # XXXX )? \nIn Citibank 's response, they failed to address my financial loss for which they have received a copy of the hotel bill that they requested when I reach out to them about this concern and requested an explanation of what had happened. Furthermore, Citibank did not provide any explanation on what occurred between their Citibank travel office, XXXX and XXXX XXXX for which I was not part of any of those internal communications or contact in real time for which I suffered a financial loss. I only received contact from Citibank notifying me of their cancelation ( after I incurred the hotel expenses ) via email that I received at XXXX while I slumbered at the hotel. I still have no explanation as to why my reservation was canceled and this was also an inquiry in my original complaint. \nMy new inquiry is to request clarification/explanation of my prior concerns, reimbursal of my financial loss due to my participation in the Citibank rewards ' program, as well as an explanation on how I would ever feel comfortable engaging with Citibank travel through the rewards program in the future knowing that I could again experience a financial loss? Finally, explain why one of your initial contacts with me claimed that you could not find my account under my name or address and one that I have had for more than 20 years? How do your rewards points reimbursements equate too financial loss?",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with rewards from credit card",
  "text": "I am in receipt of an inadequate response from Citibank involving a previously file complaint ( number XXXX XXXX ). \nCitibank stated that they would reimburse me in rewards point for which I incurred a financial loss. This points reimbursements does not equate to my financial loss due to no fault of my own. I further requested an explanation on what steps I could have taken to avoid a financial loss by reimbursing Citibank Reward Points through their program? I further asked, why I was not contacted before I checked into the hotel that was reserved through their rewards program and by which, I received doubly confirmed confirmation numbers from Citibank travel and XXXX XXXX via Citibank Travel ( Citibank # XXXX and XXXX XXXX # XXXX )? \nIn Citibank 's response, they failed to address my financial loss for which they have received a copy of the hotel bill that they requested when I reach out to them about this concern and requested an explanation of what had happened. Furthermore, Citibank did not provide any explanation on what occurred between their Citibank travel office, XXXX and XXXX XXXX for which I was not part of any of those internal communications or contact in real time for which I suffered a financial loss. I only received contact from Citibank notifying me of their cancelation ( after I incurred the hotel expenses ) via email that I received at XXXX while I slumbered at the hotel. I still have no explanation as to why my reservation was canceled and this was also an inquiry in my original complaint. \nMy new inquiry is to request clarification/explanation of my prior concerns, reimbursal of my financial loss due to my participation in the Citibank rewards ' program, as well as an explanation on how I would ever feel comfortable engaging with Citibank travel through the rewards program in the future knowing that I could again experience a financial loss? Finally, explain why one of your initial contacts with me claimed that you could not find my account under my name or address and one that I have had for more than 20 years? How do your rewards points reimbursements equate too financial loss?"
}

Chunk:
i am in receipt of an inadequate response from citibank involving a previously file complaint ( number xxxx xxxx ). citibank stated that they would reimburse me in rewards point for which i incurred a financial loss. this points reimbursements does not equate to my financial loss due to no fault of my own. i further requested an explanation on what steps i could have taken to avoid a financial loss by reimbursing citibank reward points through their program? i further asked, why i was not contacted before i checked into the hotel that was reserved through their rewards program and by which, i received doubly confirmed confirmation numbers from citibank travel and xxxx xxxx via citibank travel ( citibank # xxxx and xxxx xxxx # xxxx )? in citibank's response, they failed to address my financial loss for which they have received a copy of the hotel bill that they requested when i reach out to them about this concern and requested an explanation of what had happened. furthermore, citibank did not provide any explanation on what occurred between their citibank travel office, xxxx and xxxx xxxx for which i was not part of any of those internal communications or contact in real time for which i suffered a financial loss. i only received contact from citibank notifying me of their cancelation ( after i incurred the hotel expenses ) via email that i received at xxxx while i slumbered at the hotel. i still have no explanation as to why my reservation was canceled and this was also an inquiry in my original complaint. my new inquiry is to request clarification / explanation of my prior concerns, reimbursal of my financial loss due to my participation in the citibank rewards'program, as well as an explanation on how i would ever feel comfortable engaging with citibank travel through the rewards program in the future knowing that i could again experience a financial loss? finally, explain why one of your initial contacts with me claimed that you could not find my account under my name or address and one that i have had for more than 20 years? how do your rewards points reimbursements equate too financial loss?

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995518326759338
}
