Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9197574,
  "complaint_id": "9197574",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Synchrony Back Credit Cards Arbitrarily Closed all my credit cards upon waking up this morning and trying to use one card to pay a bill.\n\nThis will now create a SERIOUS impact to my credit, ability to obtain credit needed for any emergencies as my utilization rate will now skyrocket and score will plummet. I will not be able to get a mortgage or loan. I take care of a family of four including medical and mental health issues. This is and will continue to cause me and my family financial, mental and potentially physical harm. My credit may take years to recover from the egregious actions taken by synchrony bank. \n\nThe approximate total available credit removed was the following : XXXX credit cards including XXXX and retail cards with approx total credit limits in the XXXX of thousands lost. \n\nI am utterly distraught, this has impacted my ability to focus on my job, family and is causing me great mental anguish at the long journey I have made to recover my credit to where it is and now it's all lost ALL due to the actions of synchrony bank. \n\nI don't know what to do now, this impact on my life is irrevocable.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "01930",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "Synchrony Back Credit Cards Arbitrarily Closed all my credit cards upon waking up this morning and trying to use one card to pay a bill.\n\nThis will now create a SERIOUS impact to my credit, ability to obtain credit needed for any emergencies as my utilization rate will now skyrocket and score will plummet. I will not be able to get a mortgage or loan. I take care of a family of four including medical and mental health issues. This is and will continue to cause me and my family financial, mental and potentially physical harm. My credit may take years to recover from the egregious actions taken by synchrony bank. \n\nThe approximate total available credit removed was the following : XXXX credit cards including XXXX and retail cards with approx total credit limits in the XXXX of thousands lost. \n\nI am utterly distraught, this has impacted my ability to focus on my job, family and is causing me great mental anguish at the long journey I have made to recover my credit to where it is and now it's all lost ALL due to the actions of synchrony bank. \n\nI don't know what to do now, this impact on my life is irrevocable."
}

Chunk:
synchrony back credit cards arbitrarily closed all my credit cards upon waking up this morning and trying to use one card to pay a bill. this will now create a serious impact to my credit, ability to obtain credit needed for any emergencies as my utilization rate will now skyrocket and score will plummet. i will not be able to get a mortgage or loan. i take care of a family of four including medical and mental health issues. this is and will continue to cause me and my family financial, mental and potentially physical harm. my credit may take years to recover from the egregious actions taken by synchrony bank. the approximate total available credit removed was the following : xxxx credit cards including xxxx and retail cards with approx total credit limits in the xxxx of thousands lost. i am utterly distraught, this has impacted my ability to focus on my job, family and is causing me great mental anguish at the long journey i have made to recover my credit to where it is and now it's all lost all due to the actions of synchrony bank. i don't know what to do now, this impact on my life is irrevocable.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.8690921664237976
}
