Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9024680,
  "complaint_id": "9024680",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX XXXX I used search engine to find bank website for credit card. I entered first name initial in form as name exceeds character limit with given space ; last name and social security number. Before submitting application a green box with a white check mark displayed by all submissions. I pressed the black button submit and was prompted to call a number due from technical issues. I believe XXXX XXXX interrupted application process in attempt to put lower case letters before abbreviation. I called number and was given a website to check status where no applications match name and I submitted application to recieve technical issues from approval.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "89183",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NV",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Delay in processing application",
  "text": "XXXX XXXX I used search engine to find bank website for credit card. I entered first name initial in form as name exceeds character limit with given space ; last name and social security number. Before submitting application a green box with a white check mark displayed by all submissions. I pressed the black button submit and was prompted to call a number due from technical issues. I believe XXXX XXXX interrupted application process in attempt to put lower case letters before abbreviation. I called number and was given a website to check status where no applications match name and I submitted application to recieve technical issues from approval."
}

Chunk:
xxxx xxxx i used search engine to find bank website for credit card. i entered first name initial in form as name exceeds character limit with given space ; last name and social security number. before submitting application a green box with a white check mark displayed by all submissions. i pressed the black button submit and was prompted to call a number due from technical issues. i believe xxxx xxxx interrupted application process in attempt to put lower case letters before abbreviation. i called number and was given a website to check status where no applications match name and i submitted application to recieve technical issues from approval.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991998076438904
}
