Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9404101,
  "complaint_id": "9404101",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "recieved recurring phone calls about past due payment to a credit card i do not have nor applied for. They asked my informaiton to verify with what that have and said nothing matched not even the SS # but yet it is on my credit report. They would not give me any information but said they would report it as fraud. That was in XXXX. In XXXX I started getting the same calls and per a manger i finally got to speak to she showed no record of it being put as fraud and still wouldnt give me any information. She said she would have it removed and tagged as fraud and i would get an email confirming it. Never got an email and i get passed around to customer rept to customer service rep with no information. This is not my card and i want it off my report. I always pay MY bills on time and will not be repsonible for fees that are not mine.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-09T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Prosper Marketplace, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": null,
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "recieved recurring phone calls about past due payment to a credit card i do not have nor applied for. They asked my informaiton to verify with what that have and said nothing matched not even the SS # but yet it is on my credit report. They would not give me any information but said they would report it as fraud. That was in XXXX. In XXXX I started getting the same calls and per a manger i finally got to speak to she showed no record of it being put as fraud and still wouldnt give me any information. She said she would have it removed and tagged as fraud and i would get an email confirming it. Never got an email and i get passed around to customer rept to customer service rep with no information. This is not my card and i want it off my report. I always pay MY bills on time and will not be repsonible for fees that are not mine."
}

Chunk:
recieved recurring phone calls about past due payment to a credit card i do not have nor applied for. they asked my informaiton to verify with what that have and said nothing matched not even the ss # but yet it is on my credit report. they would not give me any information but said they would report it as fraud. that was in xxxx. in xxxx i started getting the same calls and per a manger i finally got to speak to she showed no record of it being put as fraud and still wouldnt give me any information. she said she would have it removed and tagged as fraud and i would get an email confirming it. never got an email and i get passed around to customer rept to customer service rep with no information. this is not my card and i want it off my report. i always pay my bills on time and will not be repsonible for fees that are not mine.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994470477104187
}
