Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9157188,
  "complaint_id": "9157188",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Hello, on the XXXX XXXX, I accidentally sent {$670.00} set aside to pay some bills & accidentally sent it to one of my CHASE credit card. It was an honest mistake. I immediately entered the CHASE App and immediately asked for it to be reversed. I followed up the following morning and a customer service rep did the reversal again for me, and said it's now set to be returned to my checking account in 24 hours. I followed up when it never appeared and was told my request had now gone to their Payments Dept. \nI was told to wait 1-2 days. I followed up 2 days later - still no refund. I rang up their Customer Service, Cards team and Payment team, all to be told that the refund was in motion and that it can take XXXX business days. A whole new story. Fast forward to today, after minimally a dozen calls and a dozen e-mails to this team, I am advised my a Payment team Supervisor named XXXX that they will not return my money and that decision was made XXXX days ago on the XXXX XXXX! \nI asked him to reveal where he found that decision and he said in a letter to me. I asked what letter and he said he will mail it to me. I said \" NO WAY! \"... you have now done a complete XXXX ' degrees from every CHASE bank person I spoke with- which was at least a dozen different individuals or more. I have screenshot all messages sent. I asked him \" was the call being recorded '' and he would not answer me. I asked him 5 times before he answered. It was strange. I replied that I, XXXX XXXX, was taking my complaint and this department to the XXXX Complaints team. \nI hung up, called CHASE to issue a compliant literally 2 minutes later and this agent - repeated the same story. Including the 23 May notification crap. I asked him whether he had received a call from XXXX in Payments and he would not answer. I asked him questions and he completely circled around answering. I asked for the executive complaints department and he said he only has a snail mail address- which is nonsense. I asked him to say that clearly for the recording. \nCHASE has stolen the money I asked to be returned. I explained that I was struggling with money and needed to pay bills that were overdue and I received late fees amounting to {$110.00}. I run the very real risk of power and phone being cut off! Please help me!",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "10009",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with balance transfer",
  "text": "Hello, on the XXXX XXXX, I accidentally sent {$670.00} set aside to pay some bills & accidentally sent it to one of my CHASE credit card. It was an honest mistake. I immediately entered the CHASE App and immediately asked for it to be reversed. I followed up the following morning and a customer service rep did the reversal again for me, and said it's now set to be returned to my checking account in 24 hours. I followed up when it never appeared and was told my request had now gone to their Payments Dept. \nI was told to wait 1-2 days. I followed up 2 days later - still no refund. I rang up their Customer Service, Cards team and Payment team, all to be told that the refund was in motion and that it can take XXXX business days. A whole new story. Fast forward to today, after minimally a dozen calls and a dozen e-mails to this team, I am advised my a Payment team Supervisor named XXXX that they will not return my money and that decision was made XXXX days ago on the XXXX XXXX! \nI asked him to reveal where he found that decision and he said in a letter to me. I asked what letter and he said he will mail it to me. I said \" NO WAY! \"... you have now done a complete XXXX ' degrees from every CHASE bank person I spoke with- which was at least a dozen different individuals or more. I have screenshot all messages sent. I asked him \" was the call being recorded '' and he would not answer me. I asked him 5 times before he answered. It was strange. I replied that I, XXXX XXXX, was taking my complaint and this department to the XXXX Complaints team. \nI hung up, called CHASE to issue a compliant literally 2 minutes later and this agent - repeated the same story. Including the 23 May notification crap. I asked him whether he had received a call from XXXX in Payments and he would not answer. I asked him questions and he completely circled around answering. I asked for the executive complaints department and he said he only has a snail mail address- which is nonsense. I asked him to say that clearly for the recording. \nCHASE has stolen the money I asked to be returned. I explained that I was struggling with money and needed to pay bills that were overdue and I received late fees amounting to {$110.00}. I run the very real risk of power and phone being cut off! Please help me!"
}

Chunk:
hello, on the xxxx xxxx, i accidentally sent { $ 670. 00 } set aside to pay some bills & accidentally sent it to one of my chase credit card. it was an honest mistake. i immediately entered the chase app and immediately asked for it to be reversed. i followed up the following morning and a customer service rep did the reversal again for me, and said it's now set to be returned to my checking account in 24 hours. i followed up when it never appeared and was told my request had now gone to their payments dept. i was told to wait 1 - 2 days. i followed up 2 days later - still no refund. i rang up their customer service, cards team and payment team, all to be told that the refund was in motion and that it can take xxxx business days. a whole new story. fast forward to today, after minimally a dozen calls and a dozen e - mails to this team, i am advised my a payment team supervisor named xxxx that they will not return my money and that decision was made xxxx days ago on the xxxx xxxx! i asked him to reveal where he found that decision and he said in a letter to me. i asked what letter and he said he will mail it to me. i said " no way! "... you have now done a complete xxxx'degrees from every chase bank person i spoke with - which was at least a dozen different individuals or more. i have screenshot all messages sent. i asked him " was the call being recorded'' and he would not answer me. i asked him 5 times before he answered. it was strange. i replied that i, xxxx xxxx, was taking my complaint and this department to the xxxx complaints team. i hung up, called chase to issue a compliant literally 2 minutes later and this agent - repeated the same story. including the 23 may notification crap. i asked him whether he had received a call from xxxx in payments and he would not answer. i asked him questions and he completely circled around answering. i asked for the executive complaints department and he said he only has a snail mail address - which is nonsense. i asked him to say that clearly for the recording. chase has stolen the money i asked to be returned. i explained that i was struggling with money and needed to pay bills that were overdue and i received late fees amounting to { $ 110. 00 }. i run the very real risk of power

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999183714389801
}
