Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9573852,
  "complaint_id": "9573852",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Hi XXXX, I received your response on cfpb regarding the above mentioned complaint and I do not know what you are talking about, it seems your team is not telling you, everything I provided to your team. I did provide all the information regarding the XXXX  disputes to your team additionally I also have brought up lawsuits against the hosts of the XXXX, because you guys did not credit me the money. Additionally, regarding the credit card charges, I did ask XXXX XXXX to report all the subsequent charges as fraudulent, so I do not know what you are talking about, all the charges were fraudulent and I should be getting credit for all those charges. \n\nI called you three times on the number provided.\n\nWhy is XXXX XXXX  doing fraud with me and not following the state and the country 's laws and resolve my dispute and the fraudulent charges?",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "92833",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "Hi XXXX, I received your response on cfpb regarding the above mentioned complaint and I do not know what you are talking about, it seems your team is not telling you, everything I provided to your team. I did provide all the information regarding the XXXX  disputes to your team additionally I also have brought up lawsuits against the hosts of the XXXX, because you guys did not credit me the money. Additionally, regarding the credit card charges, I did ask XXXX XXXX to report all the subsequent charges as fraudulent, so I do not know what you are talking about, all the charges were fraudulent and I should be getting credit for all those charges. \n\nI called you three times on the number provided.\n\nWhy is XXXX XXXX  doing fraud with me and not following the state and the country 's laws and resolve my dispute and the fraudulent charges?"
}

Chunk:
hi xxxx, i received your response on cfpb regarding the above mentioned complaint and i do not know what you are talking about, it seems your team is not telling you, everything i provided to your team. i did provide all the information regarding the xxxx disputes to your team additionally i also have brought up lawsuits against the hosts of the xxxx, because you guys did not credit me the money. additionally, regarding the credit card charges, i did ask xxxx xxxx to report all the subsequent charges as fraudulent, so i do not know what you are talking about, all the charges were fraudulent and i should be getting credit for all those charges. i called you three times on the number provided. why is xxxx xxxx doing fraud with me and not following the state and the country's laws and resolve my dispute and the fraudulent charges?

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991362690925598
}
