Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9396671,
  "complaint_id": "9396671",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "This is in regards to the purchase of plane tickets on XX/XX/year> through two venders, ( XXXX and XXXX ) that I did not authorize. I called Wells Fargo about the charges the minute I saw them on my statement. XXXX called me about the dispute and I told them that I did not authorize the charge. That company immediately refunded my credit card company. Wells Fargo refunded the other charge initially. \n\nLater on after they did their research, they told me that the tickets ( from NY to XXXX XXXX ) were in my name and my daughter 's name and thus were authorized by me ( even though I called Wells Fargo to dispute the charge several days before the flight was even scheduled to depart ). As I had recently been hacked ( my employer had received an email from a bad actor to deposit my paycheck to a fraudulent account ), I told them that most likely I have been the victim of identity fraud and that is why the tickets were purchased in my name. I also supplied proof that neither I nor my daughter had been to XXXX. They denied my claim. \n\nAfterwards I called XXXX and found out the tickets were purchased using an email that was not mine and I did not have access to. I promptly called Wells Fargo and told them about this. They reopened the case, but later denied me again. When I called to speak to someone at the company, the person on the phone told me there was no record that they even followed up on this claim. \n\nI called XXXX again and told them I needed documentation regarding the email they have on file ( that was not mine ). They would not provide this documentation unless they could send it to the email they had on file ( which is not mine ). After 2 hours of escalating the issue, they finally sent me proof to my actual email address ( regarding the fraudulent email address ). I sent all the proof to Wells Fargo. Now I will have to wait another 20 business days for them to do their job ( or not ).\n\nI would also point out that Wells Fargo forces you to send all documentation via Fax, not email which is extremely inconvenient and costly. \n\nIn the meantime, I refuse to pay this charge because I did not authorize it. There was a zero balance on the card with the exception of the fraudulent charge. As this is still ongoing and has been going on for the last several months, the account has been reported as delinquent. My credit has dropped XXXX points and other banks have reduce my credit limits on other cards.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "77096",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-07-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "This is in regards to the purchase of plane tickets on XX/XX/year> through two venders, ( XXXX and XXXX ) that I did not authorize. I called Wells Fargo about the charges the minute I saw them on my statement. XXXX called me about the dispute and I told them that I did not authorize the charge. That company immediately refunded my credit card company. Wells Fargo refunded the other charge initially. \n\nLater on after they did their research, they told me that the tickets ( from NY to XXXX XXXX ) were in my name and my daughter 's name and thus were authorized by me ( even though I called Wells Fargo to dispute the charge several days before the flight was even scheduled to depart ). As I had recently been hacked ( my employer had received an email from a bad actor to deposit my paycheck to a fraudulent account ), I told them that most likely I have been the victim of identity fraud and that is why the tickets were purchased in my name. I also supplied proof that neither I nor my daughter had been to XXXX. They denied my claim. \n\nAfterwards I called XXXX and found out the tickets were purchased using an email that was not mine and I did not have access to. I promptly called Wells Fargo and told them about this. They reopened the case, but later denied me again. When I called to speak to someone at the company, the person on the phone told me there was no record that they even followed up on this claim. \n\nI called XXXX again and told them I needed documentation regarding the email they have on file ( that was not mine ). They would not provide this documentation unless they could send it to the email they had on file ( which is not mine ). After 2 hours of escalating the issue, they finally sent me proof to my actual email address ( regarding the fraudulent email address ). I sent all the proof to Wells Fargo. Now I will have to wait another 20 business days for them to do their job ( or not ).\n\nI would also point out that Wells Fargo forces you to send all documentation via Fax, not email which is extremely inconvenient and costly. \n\nIn the meantime, I refuse to pay this charge because I did not authorize it. There was a zero balance on the card with the exception of the fraudulent charge. As this is still ongoing and has been going on for the last several months, the account has been reported as delinquent. My credit has dropped XXXX points and other banks have reduce my credit limits on other cards."
}

Chunk:
credit has dropped xxxx points and other banks have reduce my credit limits on other cards.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9986087679862976
}
