Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9414892,
  "complaint_id": "9414892",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I filed complaint XXXX demanding to know why Citi raised the rate on my Home Depot Credit Card without cause.\n\nTheir response did not address my complaint at all, and instead was standard PR verbiage and a lawyer 's dodge to the actual problem. Their proposed \" solution '' of rejecting the changes, per their letter on the change in terms, would've resulted in my account being closed. That is not a realistic solution, unless Citi wants to waive any outstanding balance on the card.\n\nThey changed my APR to the penalty APR, despite the fact that I have never been late, never missed a payment, and never paid interest because I always pay my balance in full or in compliance with the promo terms. The only reason supplied in the letter was using the \" catch all '' clause to make any changes they want with 45 days notice, as required by the CARD Act of 2009. When I called demanding to know why my rate was being changed to the penalty APR, their customer service agent said it was a business decision affecting all card holders. \n\nWhen I received a letter in the mail with a promotional offer, and that promotional offer advertised a variable rate that my card used to have, it became very clear that the change did not affect all card holders, just me. \n\nAs a XXXX XXXX  with a XXXX and a credit score over XXXX, again, I demand to know why my interest rate was changed. What is the business reason that you changed my interest rate, but not everyone else 's? From my stand point, it looks like you singled me out because I have done nothing in the card terms to warrant the penalty APR, and further you used a very generic clause with no reason provided to change my rate, which is discrimination on the basis of XXXX and XXXX XXXX. \n\nIf you didn't single me out, then why are you advertising a rate structure that isn't offered? Does the Home Depot Card still offer a variable rate or not? If it does, then why did you change my card terms? If you don't discriminate, then what is the business reason that you change my interest rate and not everyone else 's? If it doesn't offer a variable rate, then why are you still advertising the card with a risk based lending rate structure?",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "20191",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "VA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Unexpected increase in interest rate",
  "text": "I filed complaint XXXX demanding to know why Citi raised the rate on my Home Depot Credit Card without cause.\n\nTheir response did not address my complaint at all, and instead was standard PR verbiage and a lawyer 's dodge to the actual problem. Their proposed \" solution '' of rejecting the changes, per their letter on the change in terms, would've resulted in my account being closed. That is not a realistic solution, unless Citi wants to waive any outstanding balance on the card.\n\nThey changed my APR to the penalty APR, despite the fact that I have never been late, never missed a payment, and never paid interest because I always pay my balance in full or in compliance with the promo terms. The only reason supplied in the letter was using the \" catch all '' clause to make any changes they want with 45 days notice, as required by the CARD Act of 2009. When I called demanding to know why my rate was being changed to the penalty APR, their customer service agent said it was a business decision affecting all card holders. \n\nWhen I received a letter in the mail with a promotional offer, and that promotional offer advertised a variable rate that my card used to have, it became very clear that the change did not affect all card holders, just me. \n\nAs a XXXX XXXX  with a XXXX and a credit score over XXXX, again, I demand to know why my interest rate was changed. What is the business reason that you changed my interest rate, but not everyone else 's? From my stand point, it looks like you singled me out because I have done nothing in the card terms to warrant the penalty APR, and further you used a very generic clause with no reason provided to change my rate, which is discrimination on the basis of XXXX and XXXX XXXX. \n\nIf you didn't single me out, then why are you advertising a rate structure that isn't offered? Does the Home Depot Card still offer a variable rate or not? If it does, then why did you change my card terms? If you don't discriminate, then what is the business reason that you change my interest rate and not everyone else 's? If it doesn't offer a variable rate, then why are you still advertising the card with a risk based lending rate structure?"
}

Chunk:
i filed complaint xxxx demanding to know why citi raised the rate on my home depot credit card without cause. their response did not address my complaint at all, and instead was standard pr verbiage and a lawyer's dodge to the actual problem. their proposed " solution'' of rejecting the changes, per their letter on the change in terms, would've resulted in my account being closed. that is not a realistic solution, unless citi wants to waive any outstanding balance on the card. they changed my apr to the penalty apr, despite the fact that i have never been late, never missed a payment, and never paid interest because i always pay my balance in full or in compliance with the promo terms. the only reason supplied in the letter was using the " catch all'' clause to make any changes they want with 45 days notice, as required by the card act of 2009. when i called demanding to know why my rate was being changed to the penalty apr, their customer service agent said it was a business decision affecting all card holders. when i received a letter in the mail with a promotional offer, and that promotional offer advertised a variable rate that my card used to have, it became very clear that the change did not affect all card holders, just me. as a xxxx xxxx with a xxxx and a credit score over xxxx, again, i demand to know why my interest rate was changed. what is the business reason that you changed my interest rate, but not everyone else's? from my stand point, it looks like you singled me out because i have done nothing in the card terms to warrant the penalty apr, and further you used a very generic clause with no reason provided to change my rate, which is discrimination on the basis of xxxx and xxxx xxxx. if you didn't single me out, then why are you advertising a rate structure that isn't offered? does the home depot card still offer a variable rate or not? if it does, then why did you change my card terms? if you don't discriminate, then what is the business reason that you change my interest rate and not everyone else's? if it doesn't offer a variable rate, then why are you still advertising the card with a risk based lending rate structure?

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995403289794922
}
