Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9114045,
  "complaint_id": "9114045",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My roommate and I used to shop at this company that sells jewlry called shoplc. Starting in XXXX I saw XXXX charges on my credit card for XXXX. I called shoplc and a customer service person took all the stock numbers for these items.Did n't say much. I called Chase Bank where my credit card is through and just because both me and my roommate used to shop there tried to blame it all on her. She has her own tablet and does her own orders. She can't get in to my PC and she wouldn't do something so underhanded. Wouldn't XXXX orders in one month say fraud? Chase bank claims the items were shipped here. They were not as I would have returned them. If I can't get this resolved I am on the hook for nearly XXXX dollars worht of things I didn't order and did not recieve. Thank you.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "29690",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "SC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "My roommate and I used to shop at this company that sells jewlry called shoplc. Starting in XXXX I saw XXXX charges on my credit card for XXXX. I called shoplc and a customer service person took all the stock numbers for these items.Did n't say much. I called Chase Bank where my credit card is through and just because both me and my roommate used to shop there tried to blame it all on her. She has her own tablet and does her own orders. She can't get in to my PC and she wouldn't do something so underhanded. Wouldn't XXXX orders in one month say fraud? Chase bank claims the items were shipped here. They were not as I would have returned them. If I can't get this resolved I am on the hook for nearly XXXX dollars worht of things I didn't order and did not recieve. Thank you."
}

Chunk:
my roommate and i used to shop at this company that sells jewlry called shoplc. starting in xxxx i saw xxxx charges on my credit card for xxxx. i called shoplc and a customer service person took all the stock numbers for these items. didn't say much. i called chase bank where my credit card is through and just because both me and my roommate used to shop there tried to blame it all on her. she has her own tablet and does her own orders. she can't get in to my pc and she wouldn't do something so underhanded. wouldn't xxxx orders in one month say fraud? chase bank claims the items were shipped here. they were not as i would have returned them. if i can't get this resolved i am on the hook for nearly xxxx dollars worht of things i didn't order and did not recieve. thank you.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999127209186554
}
