Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9016462,
  "complaint_id": "9016462",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "CFPB case number XXXX is taking far too long to get resolved. Why is it this difficult to get a response on why my Paypal XXXX account kept getting randomly locked at XXXX XXXX XXXX at the beginning of XX/XX/XXXX? Ill be forwarding this new report to XXXX XXXX XXXX via XXXX ( as per usual ). But its anyones guess if theyre actually reading anything Im saying. This is playing out exactly like I wrote on my handwritten Identity Theft summary ( the XXXX XXXX mailed to me through XXXX  mail and asked me to fill out completely out of the blue last month ) : If you were ACTUALLY WILLING TO COMMUNICATE, costumers wouldnt get suspicious of you! To provide a brief update on everything thats happened since I submitted that report : XXXX XXXX XXXX of XXXX XXXX XXXX slammed a door on my face by lying on his CFPB response ( Case number XXXX ) and saying we had a hearing about my debt last year on XX/XX/XXXX. There was no hearing on that day! We were SUPPOSED to have a hearing. I put myself through XXXX XXXX XXXX and took half a day off of work to have that hearing, and then XXXX XXXX hijacked the hearing process XXXX minutes before it was supposed to take place by saying ( and Im very quickly paraphrasing here ) : No, no, no. You and XXXX ( XXXX ) just cant get along because you dont live in the same city, and you dont have to see each other every day. Theres nothing wrong here. We dont need to have this hearing in front of the judge. And if I was actually allowed to have that hearing, my concerns would mostly be : Why should this debt collection firm be trusted with the massive legal power a judgment would grant them when they cant even spell XXXX XXXX name correctly on the contract theyre forcing me to sign under duress? And Im also XXXX by their bizarre timing and their possible XXXX to my recent identity theft! Is the silent message Paypal / XXXX / XXXX is sending me supposed to be XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX! And then we can sue you into XXXX to make you look bad! And then, if you ever refuse to pay us out of fear for your own legal protection, well just use the judgement against you to lock up your XXXX XXXX and criminally rob from you even more! Because thats how your actions and your dodgy explanations are coming off to me! I was paying XXXX & XXXX little dribs and drabs over the course of XXXX YEARS with no XXXX XXXX plan. Yes, that much is true. And for XXXX YEARS they never warned me to pay them more. Then, for XXXX months in late XXXX and early XXXX, someone was going absolutely wild opening multiple accounts at XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX pretending to be me, and then mailing me all the account details. Around a month after the last time that happened in XXXX, THATS when XXXX XXXX XXXX popped up with their lawsuit completely out of nowhere! In hindsight, heres whats so infuriating about this entire case : The whole time I was trying to tell XXXX XXXX about my recent identity theft, the only conversation he insisted on having was But when are you going to pay us? How soon can you pay this?? Just sign this XXXX judgment so we dont have to have a hearing! Then XXXX XXXX showed up representing XXXX on the day of the hearing, without ever trying to contact me previously, and he bum-rushed with me with Lets all be friends! We dont need to have this hearing! The question that sends my XXXX XXXX  skyrocketing is : Why would you bring a lawsuit to someone when youre so deadest on NOT having the hearing?!? Now XXXX. XXXX XXXX, the XXXXXXXX  attorney, wont say a word to me to account for himself. His only response has been Talk to XXXX XXXX XXXX. Thats your problem. And XXXX. XXXX XXXX, the higher-up XXXX XXXX XXXX lawyer, is making up imaginary history by essentially saying We had that hearing, and you lost! I have XXXX open identical letters I sent to XXXX XXXX office and the XXXX XXXX office. The letters are XXXX pages of various enraging XXXX  going back and forth, showing XXXX unwillingness to do anything to help me figure out my identity theft problems in XXXX while they just kept pressuring me to sign a XXXX  judgment, but the pointed question I asked XXXX XXXX was basically : Wait a minute. Look at this. Can we PLEASE have the actual trial at some point, without XXXX XXXX XXXX coming in and sidestepping the entire process by pretending to be friends? That was about XXXX weeks ago, and I havent received any answer from anyone in that circuit. The XXXX question I have for XXXX XXXX right now is ( but I know XXXX never answer me ) : When XXXX hired him them to represent them in-person in XX/XX/XXXX, did they tell him I was contesting the debt on my XXXX account, OR I was contesting the collection tactics and my concerns with the identity theft? Because if XXXX sent XXXX to court saying I was contesting the account, that means XXXX was already lying and manipulating XXXX to get the results they wanted just as much as they were manipulating me! And thats not even XXXX fault! None of the lawyers Ive reached out to so far have definitively said Yes or No regarding if they want to take my case, and start a XXXX against XXXX XXXX XXXX for their various bully practices. Im trying to hire a lawyer to protect me, when my money is already stretched thin enough as it is, and XXXX made every possible effort to make sure I didnt have the hearing that they brute-forced in the first place! Now, to clarify : My main question / complaint / massive point of confusion for the specific report Im writing right now is : Why was XXXX/ Paypal repeatedly locking my Paypal XXXX account for unusual activity in XXXX this year? I still have police reports open from LAST year regarding my XXXX identity fraud attacks. So the fear that is absolutely driving me insane right now is : Does XXXX have some legitimate reason they were manually locking my account from their side, or is this ANOTHER anonymous hacker / identity theft / repeat troll I need to worry about? I asked that question almost XXXX months ago on case number XXXX, and I havent gotten any clear answers so far!",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "159XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Privacy issues",
  "text": "CFPB case number XXXX is taking far too long to get resolved. Why is it this difficult to get a response on why my Paypal XXXX account kept getting randomly locked at XXXX XXXX XXXX at the beginning of XX/XX/XXXX? Ill be forwarding this new report to XXXX XXXX XXXX via XXXX ( as per usual ). But its anyones guess if theyre actually reading anything Im saying. This is playing out exactly like I wrote on my handwritten Identity Theft summary ( the XXXX XXXX mailed to me through XXXX  mail and asked me to fill out completely out of the blue last month ) : If you were ACTUALLY WILLING TO COMMUNICATE, costumers wouldnt get suspicious of you! To provide a brief update on everything thats happened since I submitted that report : XXXX XXXX XXXX of XXXX XXXX XXXX slammed a door on my face by lying on his CFPB response ( Case number XXXX ) and saying we had a hearing about my debt last year on XX/XX/XXXX. There was no hearing on that day! We were SUPPOSED to have a hearing. I put myself through XXXX XXXX XXXX and took half a day off of work to have that hearing, and then XXXX XXXX hijacked the hearing process XXXX minutes before it was supposed to take place by saying ( and Im very quickly paraphrasing here ) : No, no, no. You and XXXX ( XXXX ) just cant get along because you dont live in the same city, and you dont have to see each other every day. Theres nothing wrong here. We dont need to have this hearing in front of the judge. And if I was actually allowed to have that hearing, my concerns would mostly be : Why should this debt collection firm be trusted with the massive legal power a judgment would grant them when they cant even spell XXXX XXXX name correctly on the contract theyre forcing me to sign under duress? And Im also XXXX by their bizarre timing and their possible XXXX to my recent identity theft! Is the silent message Paypal / XXXX / XXXX is sending me supposed to be XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX! And then we can sue you into XXXX to make you look bad! And then, if you ever refuse to pay us out of fear for your own legal protection, well just use the judgement against you to lock up your XXXX XXXX and criminally rob from you even more! Because thats how your actions and your dodgy explanations are coming off to me! I was paying XXXX & XXXX little dribs and drabs over the course of XXXX YEARS with no XXXX XXXX plan. Yes, that much is true. And for XXXX YEARS they never warned me to pay them more. Then, for XXXX months in late XXXX and early XXXX, someone was going absolutely wild opening multiple accounts at XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX pretending to be me, and then mailing me all the account details. Around a month after the last time that happened in XXXX, THATS when XXXX XXXX XXXX popped up with their lawsuit completely out of nowhere! In hindsight, heres whats so infuriating about this entire case : The whole time I was trying to tell XXXX XXXX about my recent identity theft, the only conversation he insisted on having was But when are you going to pay us? How soon can you pay this?? Just sign this XXXX judgment so we dont have to have a hearing! Then XXXX XXXX showed up representing XXXX on the day of the hearing, without ever trying to contact me previously, and he bum-rushed with me with Lets all be friends! We dont need to have this hearing! The question that sends my XXXX XXXX  skyrocketing is : Why would you bring a lawsuit to someone when youre so deadest on NOT having the hearing?!? Now XXXX. XXXX XXXX, the XXXXXXXX  attorney, wont say a word to me to account for himself. His only response has been Talk to XXXX XXXX XXXX. Thats your problem. And XXXX. XXXX XXXX, the higher-up XXXX XXXX XXXX lawyer, is making up imaginary history by essentially saying We had that hearing, and you lost! I have XXXX open identical letters I sent to XXXX XXXX office and the XXXX XXXX office. The letters are XXXX pages of various enraging XXXX  going back and forth, showing XXXX unwillingness to do anything to help me figure out my identity theft problems in XXXX while they just kept pressuring me to sign a XXXX  judgment, but the pointed question I asked XXXX XXXX was basically : Wait a minute. Look at this. Can we PLEASE have the actual trial at some point, without XXXX XXXX XXXX coming in and sidestepping the entire process by pretending to be friends? That was about XXXX weeks ago, and I havent received any answer from anyone in that circuit. The XXXX question I have for XXXX XXXX right now is ( but I know XXXX never answer me ) : When XXXX hired him them to represent them in-person in XX/XX/XXXX, did they tell him I was contesting the debt on my XXXX account, OR I was contesting the collection tactics and my concerns with the identity theft? Because if XXXX sent XXXX to court saying I was contesting the account, that means XXXX was already lying and manipulating XXXX to get the results they wanted just as much as they were manipulating me! And thats not even XXXX fault! None of the lawyers Ive reached out to so far have definitively said Yes or No regarding if they want to take my case, and start a XXXX against XXXX XXXX XXXX for their various bully practices. Im trying to hire a lawyer to protect me, when my money is already stretched thin enough as it is, and XXXX made every possible effort to make sure I didnt have the hearing that they brute-forced in the first place! Now, to clarify : My main question / complaint / massive point of confusion for the specific report Im writing right now is : Why was XXXX/ Paypal repeatedly locking my Paypal XXXX account for unusual activity in XXXX this year? I still have police reports open from LAST year regarding my XXXX identity fraud attacks. So the fear that is absolutely driving me insane right now is : Does XXXX have some legitimate reason they were manually locking my account from their side, or is this ANOTHER anonymous hacker / identity theft / repeat troll I need to worry about? I asked that question almost XXXX months ago on case number XXXX, and I havent gotten any clear answers so far!"
}

Chunk:
your own legal protection, well just use the judgement against you to lock up your xxxx xxxx and criminally rob from you even more! because thats how your actions and your dodgy explanations are coming off to me! i was paying xxxx & xxxx little dribs and drabs over the course of xxxx years with no xxxx xxxx plan. yes, that much is true. and for xxxx years they never warned me to pay them more. then, for xxxx months in late xxxx and early xxxx, someone was going absolutely wild opening multiple accounts at xxxx xxxx and xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx pretending to be me, and then mailing me all the account details. around a month after the last time that happened in xxxx, thats when xxxx xxxx xxxx popped up with their lawsuit completely out of nowhere! in hindsight, heres whats so infuriating about this entire case : the whole time i was trying to tell xxxx xxxx about my recent identity theft, the only conversation he insisted on having was but when are you going to pay us? how soon can you pay this?? just sign this xxxx judgment so we dont have to have a hearing! then xxxx xxxx showed up representing xxxx on the day of the hearing, without ever trying to contact me previously, and he bum - rushed with me with lets all be friends! we dont need to have this hearing! the question that sends my xxxx xxxx skyrocketing is : why would you bring a lawsuit to someone when youre so deadest on not having the hearing?!? now xxxx. xxxx xxxx, the xxxxxxxx attorney, wont say a word to me to account for himself. his only response has been talk to xxxx xxxx xxxx. thats your problem. and xxxx. xxxx xxxx, the higher - up xxxx xxxx xxxx lawyer, is making up imaginary history by essentially saying we had that hearing, and you lost! i have xxxx open identical letters i sent to xxxx xxxx office and the xxxx xxxx office. the letters are xxxx pages of various enraging xxxx going back and forth, showing xxxx unwillingness to do anything to help me figure out my identity theft problems in xxxx while they just kept pressuring me to sign a xxxx judgment, but the pointed question i asked xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9973147511482239
}
