Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9185884,
  "complaint_id": "9185884",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I was XXXX  and during that time my credit card was used to purchase items. before my XXXX  my card did not have a balance and I did not owe any fees. Once I got out XXXX XXXXXXXX  i received late payment bills for charges on my card. I reported the charges, and the company still has not corrected the late payment report on my credit report nor did they credit me back for the fraudulent charges that I paid in order to stop the store from reporting late payments. I did not give any one permission to use my credit card for anything and my credit card was home in my wallet while I was XXXX.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "33313",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "TD BANK US HOLDING COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I was XXXX  and during that time my credit card was used to purchase items. before my XXXX  my card did not have a balance and I did not owe any fees. Once I got out XXXX XXXXXXXX  i received late payment bills for charges on my card. I reported the charges, and the company still has not corrected the late payment report on my credit report nor did they credit me back for the fraudulent charges that I paid in order to stop the store from reporting late payments. I did not give any one permission to use my credit card for anything and my credit card was home in my wallet while I was XXXX."
}

Chunk:
i was xxxx and during that time my credit card was used to purchase items. before my xxxx my card did not have a balance and i did not owe any fees. once i got out xxxx xxxxxxxx i received late payment bills for charges on my card. i reported the charges, and the company still has not corrected the late payment report on my credit report nor did they credit me back for the fraudulent charges that i paid in order to stop the store from reporting late payments. i did not give any one permission to use my credit card for anything and my credit card was home in my wallet while i was xxxx.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991955161094666
}
