Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9077623,
  "complaint_id": "9077623",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I signed up for the WYNDHAM REWARDS EARNER BUSINESS CARD by Barclays Delaware. With the signup process there was introductory offer of : \" Introductory Bonus Offer : Earn XXXX bonus Points after spending {$4000.00} on purchases, less credits, returns, and adjustments ( excluding timeshare down payment purchases from Wyndham XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, Wyndham XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, and related developer affiliates and partners ), within the first 90 days after Card Account open date. The bonus Points will be reflected on the billing statement after you have qualified to earn the bonus. Please allow 4-6 weeks for the bonus Points to be deposited into your Program Account. \n\nEarn XXXX bonus Points after spending a total of {$15000.00} on purchases, less credits, returns, and adjustments ( excluding timeshare down payment purchases from Wyndham XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, Wyndham XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, and related developer affiliates and partners ), within the first 365 days after Card Account open date. The bonus Points will be reflected on the billing statement after you have qualified to earn the bonus. Please allow 4-6 weeks for the bonus Points to be deposited into your Program Account. '' I have reached the first threshold of spending {$4000.00} to receive XXXX Wyndham points, however after checking my statement I only see a bonis of XXXX points. I tried calling customer service and they were unable to resolve the issue nor were they able to escalate it within their rewards department. Attached are two files, one is my statement from last month and another is the pending points when my current statement posts later this month. Note that the pending points are XXXX, XXXX of those points are from general spending and the XXXX points are the bonus introductory points after spending {$4000.00}. XXXX points are short of the terms Barclays and I agreed upon.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "91320",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with rewards from credit card",
  "text": "I signed up for the WYNDHAM REWARDS EARNER BUSINESS CARD by Barclays Delaware. With the signup process there was introductory offer of : \" Introductory Bonus Offer : Earn XXXX bonus Points after spending {$4000.00} on purchases, less credits, returns, and adjustments ( excluding timeshare down payment purchases from Wyndham XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, Wyndham XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, and related developer affiliates and partners ), within the first 90 days after Card Account open date. The bonus Points will be reflected on the billing statement after you have qualified to earn the bonus. Please allow 4-6 weeks for the bonus Points to be deposited into your Program Account. \n\nEarn XXXX bonus Points after spending a total of {$15000.00} on purchases, less credits, returns, and adjustments ( excluding timeshare down payment purchases from Wyndham XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, Wyndham XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, and related developer affiliates and partners ), within the first 365 days after Card Account open date. The bonus Points will be reflected on the billing statement after you have qualified to earn the bonus. Please allow 4-6 weeks for the bonus Points to be deposited into your Program Account. '' I have reached the first threshold of spending {$4000.00} to receive XXXX Wyndham points, however after checking my statement I only see a bonis of XXXX points. I tried calling customer service and they were unable to resolve the issue nor were they able to escalate it within their rewards department. Attached are two files, one is my statement from last month and another is the pending points when my current statement posts later this month. Note that the pending points are XXXX, XXXX of those points are from general spending and the XXXX points are the bonus introductory points after spending {$4000.00}. XXXX points are short of the terms Barclays and I agreed upon."
}

Chunk:
i signed up for the wyndham rewards earner business card by barclays delaware. with the signup process there was introductory offer of : " introductory bonus offer : earn xxxx bonus points after spending { $ 4000. 00 } on purchases, less credits, returns, and adjustments ( excluding timeshare down payment purchases from wyndham xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, wyndham xxxx xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, and related developer affiliates and partners ), within the first 90 days after card account open date. the bonus points will be reflected on the billing statement after you have qualified to earn the bonus. please allow 4 - 6 weeks for the bonus points to be deposited into your program account. earn xxxx bonus points after spending a total of { $ 15000. 00 } on purchases, less credits, returns, and adjustments ( excluding timeshare down payment purchases from wyndham xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, wyndham xxxx xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, and related developer affiliates and partners ), within the first 365 days after card account open date. the bonus points will be reflected on the billing statement after you have qualified to earn the bonus. please allow 4 - 6 weeks for the bonus points to be deposited into your program account.'' i have reached the first threshold of spending { $ 4000. 00 } to receive xxxx wyndham points, however after checking my statement i only see a bonis of xxxx points. i tried calling customer service and they were unable to resolve the issue nor were they able to escalate it within their rewards department. attached are two files, one is my statement from last month and another is the pending points when my current statement posts later this month. note that the pending points are xxxx, xxxx of those points are from general spending and the xxxx points are the bonus introductory points after spending { $ 4000. 00 }. xxxx points are short of the terms barclays and i agreed upon.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.997326135635376
}
