Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9090259,
  "complaint_id": "9090259",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Hello, on or around XX/XX/XXXX and between XX/XX/XXXX I notified TD Bank USA N.A. that an unauthorized user had access to my card. I also advised them that the same unauthorized user also had access to my mailbox. Furthermore, I started I do not have access to my mailbox at this time. I advised them to shut the card off, until I can get the keys changed and I will call them back to my issue the new card. they told me that it could not be shut off, without mailing a new card. I once again reminded them advise them I do not have access to my mailbox if you issue me a new card the unauthorized user will have access to my new card. so I need you to please shut the card off for now. They did not shut the card off, and continued to put my ( PII ) It personal identifiable information at risk. By providing the unauthorized user with my ( PII ) and allowing the unauthorized user to continue to name purchases with my card. On XX/XX/XXXX nearly a year after being notified of the incident. They negligently approved an unauthorized transaction in the amount of {$32.00}, placed by the unauthorized user that gained access to my account. They did not freeze or place the card on hold after they were notified of the breach of ( PII ) and physical use of said card on or around XXXX nearly 1 year later they continued to allow the card to have unauthorized charges for an entire year after they were notified and continued to deduct non-consensual payments from my bank account. \nThis is now led to a civil action and the card was subsequently charged off in XXXX of XXXX almost 2 years after being notified that an unauthorized user had access to my card. They failed to uphold their requirements as a US banking institution under the land of the United States and ultimately should be held accountable for all incurring charges and interest applied after the date of XX/XX/XXXX. This needs to be made aware of. So that others may not have to suffer the same. \n\nThank you, XXXX XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "89104",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "TD BANK US HOLDING COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NV",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "Hello, on or around XX/XX/XXXX and between XX/XX/XXXX I notified TD Bank USA N.A. that an unauthorized user had access to my card. I also advised them that the same unauthorized user also had access to my mailbox. Furthermore, I started I do not have access to my mailbox at this time. I advised them to shut the card off, until I can get the keys changed and I will call them back to my issue the new card. they told me that it could not be shut off, without mailing a new card. I once again reminded them advise them I do not have access to my mailbox if you issue me a new card the unauthorized user will have access to my new card. so I need you to please shut the card off for now. They did not shut the card off, and continued to put my ( PII ) It personal identifiable information at risk. By providing the unauthorized user with my ( PII ) and allowing the unauthorized user to continue to name purchases with my card. On XX/XX/XXXX nearly a year after being notified of the incident. They negligently approved an unauthorized transaction in the amount of {$32.00}, placed by the unauthorized user that gained access to my account. They did not freeze or place the card on hold after they were notified of the breach of ( PII ) and physical use of said card on or around XXXX nearly 1 year later they continued to allow the card to have unauthorized charges for an entire year after they were notified and continued to deduct non-consensual payments from my bank account. \nThis is now led to a civil action and the card was subsequently charged off in XXXX of XXXX almost 2 years after being notified that an unauthorized user had access to my card. They failed to uphold their requirements as a US banking institution under the land of the United States and ultimately should be held accountable for all incurring charges and interest applied after the date of XX/XX/XXXX. This needs to be made aware of. So that others may not have to suffer the same. \n\nThank you, XXXX XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
hello, on or around xx / xx / xxxx and between xx / xx / xxxx i notified td bank usa n. a. that an unauthorized user had access to my card. i also advised them that the same unauthorized user also had access to my mailbox. furthermore, i started i do not have access to my mailbox at this time. i advised them to shut the card off, until i can get the keys changed and i will call them back to my issue the new card. they told me that it could not be shut off, without mailing a new card. i once again reminded them advise them i do not have access to my mailbox if you issue me a new card the unauthorized user will have access to my new card. so i need you to please shut the card off for now. they did not shut the card off, and continued to put my ( pii ) it personal identifiable information at risk. by providing the unauthorized user with my ( pii ) and allowing the unauthorized user to continue to name purchases with my card. on xx / xx / xxxx nearly a year after being notified of the incident. they negligently approved an unauthorized transaction in the amount of { $ 32. 00 }, placed by the unauthorized user that gained access to my account. they did not freeze or place the card on hold after they were notified of the breach of ( pii ) and physical use of said card on or around xxxx nearly 1 year later they continued to allow the card to have unauthorized charges for an entire year after they were notified and continued to deduct non - consensual payments from my bank account. this is now led to a civil action and the card was subsequently charged off in xxxx of xxxx almost 2 years after being notified that an unauthorized user had access to my card. they failed to uphold their requirements as a us banking institution under the land of the united states and ultimately should be held accountable for all incurring charges and interest applied after the date of xx / xx / xxxx. this needs to be made aware of. so that others may not have to suffer the same. thank you, xxxx xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9981513619422913
}
