Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9244128,
  "complaint_id": "9244128",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am trying to update my name on the account as I recently went through a legal name change. On XX/XX/XXXX I sent over sensitive personal information to the fax number provided with no type of confirmation that it was received or that it was being worked on. Ive called various times since to ask for updates, its been a month and I either get hanged up on or get told to wait longer. Most of the representatives I am unable to understand due to the lack of English spoken which is usually not an issue but it gets a bit frustrating once I keep trying to explain that the documents have been sent and what else is needed to be able to have the information updated in a timely manner. I am very disappointed and unhappy with how Citi treats customers with very little respect.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "78653",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "I am trying to update my name on the account as I recently went through a legal name change. On XX/XX/XXXX I sent over sensitive personal information to the fax number provided with no type of confirmation that it was received or that it was being worked on. Ive called various times since to ask for updates, its been a month and I either get hanged up on or get told to wait longer. Most of the representatives I am unable to understand due to the lack of English spoken which is usually not an issue but it gets a bit frustrating once I keep trying to explain that the documents have been sent and what else is needed to be able to have the information updated in a timely manner. I am very disappointed and unhappy with how Citi treats customers with very little respect."
}

Chunk:
i am trying to update my name on the account as i recently went through a legal name change. on xx / xx / xxxx i sent over sensitive personal information to the fax number provided with no type of confirmation that it was received or that it was being worked on. ive called various times since to ask for updates, its been a month and i either get hanged up on or get told to wait longer. most of the representatives i am unable to understand due to the lack of english spoken which is usually not an issue but it gets a bit frustrating once i keep trying to explain that the documents have been sent and what else is needed to be able to have the information updated in a timely manner. i am very disappointed and unhappy with how citi treats customers with very little respect.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9997264742851257
}
