Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9140699,
  "complaint_id": "9140699",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "This complaint is with the banking institution, Sofi. They have recently ruled in the favor of the merchant regarding a dispute for {$630.00}. There has been very little communication between me and Sofi. They issued me a temporary credit of {$630.00} earlier this month, and with no warning or statement to us, they re-charged our card for the {$630.00}. They did not even explain this in any way until I personally called them. Their lack of communication is extremely concerning, given that we recently switched to this bank less than a year ago and have our entire savings account with this bank. My trust in them is broken. Not only this, but they refuse to take my provided context and documentation into account in this resolution. In case this is needed, XXXX is my case number with Sofi. \n\nSofi is not standing with their consumer. They are siding with the merchant even though adequate documentation was provided to them from me. The merchant provided the same documentation to them that I did ( a signed document for services rendered ) but Sofi is not taking the context that I provided to them into account. The context that Sofi seems to be ignoring in this dispute is as follows : The Merchant ( XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX ) came to a resolution on XX/XX/XXXX that they would not be issuing a refund because we signed a document, even though we verbally agreed with the veterinarian that we would ONLY complete the below XXXXXXXX XXXX afterwards, and did not want to complete them now ( see email from merchant ) and we informed them that we would be disputing the charge with our bank. \n\nWe were not aware that the following treatments were being done and verbally asked the clinic NOT to conduct these treatments without asking us beforehand : XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX {$140.00} XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX {$250.00} XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX {$100.00} XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX- {$130.00} These XXXX XXXX were still completed on our XXXX, hence why they charged us for these and we did NOT realize until we looked at the emailed receipt when my XXXX came home. The total of these XXXXXXXX XXXX is {$630.00} which I am requesting to be refunded as we explicitly verbally asked for them to not do conduct these XXXXXXXX XXXX until we received the results of the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, which we DID consent to. We were under the premise that the XXXX was on the same page, but XXXX communication occurred until all treatments were finished since our XXXX  was taken to the back and all of the above was completed so we had no idea what was going on. This was unacceptable and not what was agreed to. The staff knows this and are refusing to acknowledge, simply because we signed a form. \n\nSofi has ruled in the favor of the merchant and seems to have overlooked the fact that we were unaware these treatments were actually happening. This is negligence on the merchants part which they are not owning up to. I am planning on Filing a complaint with the XXXX XXXX XXXX  as well, as I do not feel that their XXXX on staff supported our situation here. A XXXX who does not update you on what treatments are actually being done to your XXXX is not a XXXX that should be allowed to practice XXXX. \n\nSofi needs to take their consumers seriously and realize that a breach of communication occurred between us and the merchant. Things that we verbally did not consent to were breached between us and the merchant. Just because it was verbal ( and hence very hard to have proof of this unless there were cameras in the XXXX XXXX ) does not mean our argument does not stand. \n\n\nThe worst part of this all is that our XXXX  actually XXXX XXXX one month after this visit. The dispute process was already kicked off prior to this.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "78759",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SOFI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "This complaint is with the banking institution, Sofi. They have recently ruled in the favor of the merchant regarding a dispute for {$630.00}. There has been very little communication between me and Sofi. They issued me a temporary credit of {$630.00} earlier this month, and with no warning or statement to us, they re-charged our card for the {$630.00}. They did not even explain this in any way until I personally called them. Their lack of communication is extremely concerning, given that we recently switched to this bank less than a year ago and have our entire savings account with this bank. My trust in them is broken. Not only this, but they refuse to take my provided context and documentation into account in this resolution. In case this is needed, XXXX is my case number with Sofi. \n\nSofi is not standing with their consumer. They are siding with the merchant even though adequate documentation was provided to them from me. The merchant provided the same documentation to them that I did ( a signed document for services rendered ) but Sofi is not taking the context that I provided to them into account. The context that Sofi seems to be ignoring in this dispute is as follows : The Merchant ( XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX ) came to a resolution on XX/XX/XXXX that they would not be issuing a refund because we signed a document, even though we verbally agreed with the veterinarian that we would ONLY complete the below XXXXXXXX XXXX afterwards, and did not want to complete them now ( see email from merchant ) and we informed them that we would be disputing the charge with our bank. \n\nWe were not aware that the following treatments were being done and verbally asked the clinic NOT to conduct these treatments without asking us beforehand : XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX {$140.00} XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX {$250.00} XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX {$100.00} XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX- {$130.00} These XXXX XXXX were still completed on our XXXX, hence why they charged us for these and we did NOT realize until we looked at the emailed receipt when my XXXX came home. The total of these XXXXXXXX XXXX is {$630.00} which I am requesting to be refunded as we explicitly verbally asked for them to not do conduct these XXXXXXXX XXXX until we received the results of the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, which we DID consent to. We were under the premise that the XXXX was on the same page, but XXXX communication occurred until all treatments were finished since our XXXX  was taken to the back and all of the above was completed so we had no idea what was going on. This was unacceptable and not what was agreed to. The staff knows this and are refusing to acknowledge, simply because we signed a form. \n\nSofi has ruled in the favor of the merchant and seems to have overlooked the fact that we were unaware these treatments were actually happening. This is negligence on the merchants part which they are not owning up to. I am planning on Filing a complaint with the XXXX XXXX XXXX  as well, as I do not feel that their XXXX on staff supported our situation here. A XXXX who does not update you on what treatments are actually being done to your XXXX is not a XXXX that should be allowed to practice XXXX. \n\nSofi needs to take their consumers seriously and realize that a breach of communication occurred between us and the merchant. Things that we verbally did not consent to were breached between us and the merchant. Just because it was verbal ( and hence very hard to have proof of this unless there were cameras in the XXXX XXXX ) does not mean our argument does not stand. \n\n\nThe worst part of this all is that our XXXX  actually XXXX XXXX one month after this visit. The dispute process was already kicked off prior to this."
}

Chunk:
00 } which i am requesting to be refunded as we explicitly verbally asked for them to not do conduct these xxxxxxxx xxxx until we received the results of the xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, which we did consent to. we were under the premise that the xxxx was on the same page, but xxxx communication occurred until all treatments were finished since our xxxx was taken to the back and all of the above was completed so we had no idea what was going on. this was unacceptable and not what was agreed to. the staff knows this and are refusing to acknowledge, simply because we signed a form. sofi has ruled in the favor of the merchant and seems to have overlooked the fact that we were unaware these treatments were actually happening. this is negligence on the merchants part which they are not owning up to. i am planning on filing a complaint with the xxxx xxxx xxxx as well, as i do not feel that their xxxx on staff supported our situation here. a xxxx who does not update you on what treatments are actually being done to your xxxx is not a xxxx that should be allowed to practice xxxx. sofi needs to take their consumers seriously and realize that a breach of communication occurred between us and the merchant. things that we verbally did not consent to were breached between us and the merchant. just because it was verbal ( and hence very hard to have proof of this unless there were cameras in the xxxx xxxx ) does not mean our argument does not stand. the worst part of this all is that our xxxx actually xxxx xxxx one month after this visit. the dispute process was already kicked off prior to this.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9997101426124573
}
