Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9479587,
  "complaint_id": "9479587",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX I have made a charge for a luggage at the XXXX counter in XXXX for my domestic leg XXXX XXXX ) flight. According to the Barclays XXXX XXXX XXXXredit card the first luggage on the domestic flight portion is free. At the XXXX desk I was told that the discount will come as credit from the Barclays Card directly. Unfortunately it didn't. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX I called their XXXX based customer service and the agent was extremely rude and unprofessional. She not only would talk over me but attempted to reroute the call to the XXXX instead of disputing the transaction. She also indicated that the dispute term is only one billing cycle making me ineligible to dispute the purchase when it fact the federal law mandates at least 90 period for dispute resolution. Subsequently I requested to speak with the supervisor in the US however after a long hold I was told that nobody is available to speak to me. \n\nIt is very disturbing that Barclays ' Card prevents its members from disputing the purchase and instead it wants them to deal with merchants directly. This is not what the federal legislation protecting customers dictates and it shows a very bad faith play by the bank.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "60073",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-07-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Confusing or misleading advertising about the credit card",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX I have made a charge for a luggage at the XXXX counter in XXXX for my domestic leg XXXX XXXX ) flight. According to the Barclays XXXX XXXX XXXXredit card the first luggage on the domestic flight portion is free. At the XXXX desk I was told that the discount will come as credit from the Barclays Card directly. Unfortunately it didn't. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX I called their XXXX based customer service and the agent was extremely rude and unprofessional. She not only would talk over me but attempted to reroute the call to the XXXX instead of disputing the transaction. She also indicated that the dispute term is only one billing cycle making me ineligible to dispute the purchase when it fact the federal law mandates at least 90 period for dispute resolution. Subsequently I requested to speak with the supervisor in the US however after a long hold I was told that nobody is available to speak to me. \n\nIt is very disturbing that Barclays ' Card prevents its members from disputing the purchase and instead it wants them to deal with merchants directly. This is not what the federal legislation protecting customers dictates and it shows a very bad faith play by the bank."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx i have made a charge for a luggage at the xxxx counter in xxxx for my domestic leg xxxx xxxx ) flight. according to the barclays xxxx xxxx xxxxredit card the first luggage on the domestic flight portion is free. at the xxxx desk i was told that the discount will come as credit from the barclays card directly. unfortunately it didn't. on xx / xx / xxxx i called their xxxx based customer service and the agent was extremely rude and unprofessional. she not only would talk over me but attempted to reroute the call to the xxxx instead of disputing the transaction. she also indicated that the dispute term is only one billing cycle making me ineligible to dispute the purchase when it fact the federal law mandates at least 90 period for dispute resolution. subsequently i requested to speak with the supervisor in the us however after a long hold i was told that nobody is available to speak to me. it is very disturbing that barclays'card prevents its members from disputing the purchase and instead it wants them to deal with merchants directly. this is not what the federal legislation protecting customers dictates and it shows a very bad faith play by the bank.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991986155509949
}
