Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9125406,
  "complaint_id": "9125406",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I needed a moving company to move and store all of my belongings as we sold our house and had to be out by XX/XX/XXXX. I looked online and XXXX came up at the top of the list. I contacted them and XXXX XXXX called me on XX/XX/XXXX and said that XXXX could move and store all our belongings for XXXX months. I made a {$2900.00} payment on my Chase Visa credit card for XXXX the cost. I contacted XXXX many many times after XX/XX/XXXX asking to have someone come and look at all we had to move, including large paintings, antiques, a piano in a XXXX square foot house. Although XXXX texted back once and said he travels all the time and would be glad to meet, I never heard from him again, despite numerous emails, texts and phone calls. I have copies of the texts and emails. I started to panic by the end of XXXX and consulted with a friend who used to own a moving company. He told me that XXXX was probably a fraudulent company and that I should call Chase Visa and let them know. He also referred me to another moving company that subsequently had me video the entire house and all the contents, sent numerous explanatory emails and talked with me on the phone many times. Chase Visa initially removed the charge, but then XXXX disputed it and Chase asked if I wanted to continue the dispute, which I did. I sent them a long explanation detailing all of my attempts to contact XXXX as well as copies of my texts and emails. I talked with numerous Chase Visa customer service dispute representatives. I called them in early XXXX to find out the status of the dispute, and at that time, the representative suggested I call back after XX/XX/XXXX as that was the date XXXX originally said they would come, and let them know if anyone showed up. No one called or showed up, and I reported that on XX/XX/XXXX. To my surprise, I received a letter from Chase Visa dated XX/XX/XXXX stating that \" We reviewed the information available and found that you either received the services or the merchant made them available to you. '' I never received any services and Chase Visa knew that. In fact, their most recent letter to me said something very different, \" While you may have a valid complaint with the merchant, the results of our investigation confirm that the transactions are valid. '' I have no idea what that means, but I can't help but wonder if Chase Visa has a financial stake in approving these charges because of the money they make off of them. I am quite sure they have received other charges from XXXX or companies like them. I expect that there are many others who have been charged for services that were never provided and that Chase Cardmember Services may continue to unfairly charge their clients for those services. \n\nI have copies of my emails and texts to XXXX as well as the letters I have received from Chase Cardmember Services. I am happy to send those along if you want them, but at this point, I have just included the two summaries I sent to Chase Cardmember Services Disputes.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "22903",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "VA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I needed a moving company to move and store all of my belongings as we sold our house and had to be out by XX/XX/XXXX. I looked online and XXXX came up at the top of the list. I contacted them and XXXX XXXX called me on XX/XX/XXXX and said that XXXX could move and store all our belongings for XXXX months. I made a {$2900.00} payment on my Chase Visa credit card for XXXX the cost. I contacted XXXX many many times after XX/XX/XXXX asking to have someone come and look at all we had to move, including large paintings, antiques, a piano in a XXXX square foot house. Although XXXX texted back once and said he travels all the time and would be glad to meet, I never heard from him again, despite numerous emails, texts and phone calls. I have copies of the texts and emails. I started to panic by the end of XXXX and consulted with a friend who used to own a moving company. He told me that XXXX was probably a fraudulent company and that I should call Chase Visa and let them know. He also referred me to another moving company that subsequently had me video the entire house and all the contents, sent numerous explanatory emails and talked with me on the phone many times. Chase Visa initially removed the charge, but then XXXX disputed it and Chase asked if I wanted to continue the dispute, which I did. I sent them a long explanation detailing all of my attempts to contact XXXX as well as copies of my texts and emails. I talked with numerous Chase Visa customer service dispute representatives. I called them in early XXXX to find out the status of the dispute, and at that time, the representative suggested I call back after XX/XX/XXXX as that was the date XXXX originally said they would come, and let them know if anyone showed up. No one called or showed up, and I reported that on XX/XX/XXXX. To my surprise, I received a letter from Chase Visa dated XX/XX/XXXX stating that \" We reviewed the information available and found that you either received the services or the merchant made them available to you. '' I never received any services and Chase Visa knew that. In fact, their most recent letter to me said something very different, \" While you may have a valid complaint with the merchant, the results of our investigation confirm that the transactions are valid. '' I have no idea what that means, but I can't help but wonder if Chase Visa has a financial stake in approving these charges because of the money they make off of them. I am quite sure they have received other charges from XXXX or companies like them. I expect that there are many others who have been charged for services that were never provided and that Chase Cardmember Services may continue to unfairly charge their clients for those services. \n\nI have copies of my emails and texts to XXXX as well as the letters I have received from Chase Cardmember Services. I am happy to send those along if you want them, but at this point, I have just included the two summaries I sent to Chase Cardmember Services Disputes."
}

Chunk:
i have no idea what that means, but i can't help but wonder if chase visa has a financial stake in approving these charges because of the money they make off of them. i am quite sure they have received other charges from xxxx or companies like them. i expect that there are many others who have been charged for services that were never provided and that chase cardmember services may continue to unfairly charge their clients for those services. i have copies of my emails and texts to xxxx as well as the letters i have received from chase cardmember services. i am happy to send those along if you want them, but at this point, i have just included the two summaries i sent to chase cardmember services disputes.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.997774064540863
}
