Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9469933,
  "complaint_id": "9469933",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XX/XX/year>, I applied for the Costco credit card issued by Citibank and received an email confirmation advising the application was under review. On XX/XX/year>, I received an email advising they could not approve the application because some information could not be verified. \n\nI have a fraud alert on my credit and upon receiving the email, I began calling Citibank ( the system is horrible ) to see what was needed for the application to be reviewed. XX/XX/year>, I spoke with a lady who advised they were unable to reach me by phone to review the application. She stated she would call me again using the phone number listed on the credit report. I did not receive a return call. \n\nLater that day, XX/XX/XXXX I called again and spoke with a gentleman, XXXX, to explain the purpose for the call and what has previously taken place. He asked for my phone number and confirmed that the number I provided was not a match for the phone number listed on the credit report. I asked with credit agency was used so that I could research it and make the changes, but he stated he was not able to provide that information. I begin to research each of the credit agencies to make the necessary updates. The representative at XXXX then added a new fraud alert to my account and updated my phone number after being given and verified. Once I was able to make the updates and waited the allotted time based on the guidelines for XXXX and XXXX as XXXX currently had the correct information, I then called Citibank on XX/XX/XXXX and spoke with another lady and explained to her the steps I took to have the phone number corrected on my credit report. She then stated she would retry the phone number listed on the credit report. No return call was received. I called again and spoke with another lady who took no time to state, that is an issue you would need to take up with the credit agency and she rudely ended the call. \n\nOn the same day, XX/XX/XXXX, I called again and spoke with another lady. She asked for my phone number and stated that the last XXXX digits didnt match. I called XXXX to inquire about the phone number as I had already made the update previously and was advised it would be updated after XXXX hours. XXXX corrected the number again as the last XXXX digits were transposed. The next day, XX/XX/XXXX, I called XXXX first to ensure my phone number had been updated and was showing the correct information before calling XXXX to have them review the application. \n\nXX/XX/XXXX, I called XXXX and spoke with a different lady and explained what had taken place including the update that was completed on my credit report. She then asked for permission to rerun the credit. Permission was granted to run the report. I then received two emails, one stating that the credit application was not approved because information could not be verified. The second email stated the reasons for denial were : 1. Your credit shows insufficient credit history on accounts.\n\n2. Your credit report shows too many recent inquiries 3. Your credit report shows the amount of credit available on accounts is too low.\n\n4. Your credit report shows that your last inquiry was too recent.\n\nBefore submitting this application, my credit score was right at XXXX, and due to the many credit inquiries by Citibank because of incomplete/inaccurate information, my credit score has dropped.\n\nThe credit pulls were all completed within days of each other and only completed because of the inaccurate and missing information on my credit reports. After making the necessary updates and being told by the credit agencies that the files were updated, I was still denied credit and my credit score has suffered. This was due to the representatives at the agencies not completing the information accurately. Based on this and the timeline, there should be only XXXX credit inquiry on my report and not XXXX.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "75237",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Application denied",
  "text": "XX/XX/year>, I applied for the Costco credit card issued by Citibank and received an email confirmation advising the application was under review. On XX/XX/year>, I received an email advising they could not approve the application because some information could not be verified. \n\nI have a fraud alert on my credit and upon receiving the email, I began calling Citibank ( the system is horrible ) to see what was needed for the application to be reviewed. XX/XX/year>, I spoke with a lady who advised they were unable to reach me by phone to review the application. She stated she would call me again using the phone number listed on the credit report. I did not receive a return call. \n\nLater that day, XX/XX/XXXX I called again and spoke with a gentleman, XXXX, to explain the purpose for the call and what has previously taken place. He asked for my phone number and confirmed that the number I provided was not a match for the phone number listed on the credit report. I asked with credit agency was used so that I could research it and make the changes, but he stated he was not able to provide that information. I begin to research each of the credit agencies to make the necessary updates. The representative at XXXX then added a new fraud alert to my account and updated my phone number after being given and verified. Once I was able to make the updates and waited the allotted time based on the guidelines for XXXX and XXXX as XXXX currently had the correct information, I then called Citibank on XX/XX/XXXX and spoke with another lady and explained to her the steps I took to have the phone number corrected on my credit report. She then stated she would retry the phone number listed on the credit report. No return call was received. I called again and spoke with another lady who took no time to state, that is an issue you would need to take up with the credit agency and she rudely ended the call. \n\nOn the same day, XX/XX/XXXX, I called again and spoke with another lady. She asked for my phone number and stated that the last XXXX digits didnt match. I called XXXX to inquire about the phone number as I had already made the update previously and was advised it would be updated after XXXX hours. XXXX corrected the number again as the last XXXX digits were transposed. The next day, XX/XX/XXXX, I called XXXX first to ensure my phone number had been updated and was showing the correct information before calling XXXX to have them review the application. \n\nXX/XX/XXXX, I called XXXX and spoke with a different lady and explained what had taken place including the update that was completed on my credit report. She then asked for permission to rerun the credit. Permission was granted to run the report. I then received two emails, one stating that the credit application was not approved because information could not be verified. The second email stated the reasons for denial were : 1. Your credit shows insufficient credit history on accounts.\n\n2. Your credit report shows too many recent inquiries 3. Your credit report shows the amount of credit available on accounts is too low.\n\n4. Your credit report shows that your last inquiry was too recent.\n\nBefore submitting this application, my credit score was right at XXXX, and due to the many credit inquiries by Citibank because of incomplete/inaccurate information, my credit score has dropped.\n\nThe credit pulls were all completed within days of each other and only completed because of the inaccurate and missing information on my credit reports. After making the necessary updates and being told by the credit agencies that the files were updated, I was still denied credit and my credit score has suffered. This was due to the representatives at the agencies not completing the information accurately. Based on this and the timeline, there should be only XXXX credit inquiry on my report and not XXXX."
}

Chunk:
##xx first to ensure my phone number had been updated and was showing the correct information before calling xxxx to have them review the application. xx / xx / xxxx, i called xxxx and spoke with a different lady and explained what had taken place including the update that was completed on my credit report. she then asked for permission to rerun the credit. permission was granted to run the report. i then received two emails, one stating that the credit application was not approved because information could not be verified. the second email stated the reasons for denial were : 1. your credit shows insufficient credit history on accounts. 2. your credit report shows too many recent inquiries 3. your credit report shows the amount of credit available on accounts is too low. 4. your credit report shows that your last inquiry was too recent. before submitting this application, my credit score was right at xxxx, and due to the many credit inquiries by citibank because of incomplete / inaccurate information, my credit score has dropped. the credit pulls were all completed within days of each other and only completed because of the inaccurate and missing information on my credit reports. after making the necessary updates and being told by the credit agencies that the files were updated, i was still denied credit and my credit score has suffered. this was due to the representatives at the agencies not completing the information accurately. based on this and the timeline, there should be only xxxx credit inquiry on my report and not xxxx.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996986389160156
}
