Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9038563,
  "complaint_id": "9038563",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I received notification from XXXX that XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX closed my account on XX/XX/year>. I am not 180 days past due neither am I over my allowed balance. XXXX never credited my account via the Electronic Funds Transfer Act from the dividend payment made on my treasury coupon. 15USC1666d states whenever a credit balance in excess of {$1.00} is created in connection with a consumer credit transaction through ( 1 ) transmittal of funds to a creditor in excess of the total balance due on an account, ( 2 ) rebates of unearned finance charges or insurance premiums, or ( 3 ) amounts otherwise owed to or held for the benefit of an obigor, the creditor shall- A. Credit the amount of the credit balance to the consumer 's account ; B. Refund any part of the amount of the remaining credit balance, upon request of the consumer ; and C. Make a good faith effort to refund to the consumer by cash, check, or money order any part of the amount of the credit balance remaining in the account for more than 6 months, except that no further action is required in any case in which the consumer 's current location is not known by the creditor and can not be traced through the consumer 's last known address or telephone number. Second violation : Mail Fraud [ 18USC1341 ] Securities are to be sent in registered form ONLY. XXXX sends security bonds through regular postal mail. \n15USC1681a2 Exclusions-the term consumer report does not include ( i ) report containing information solely as to transactions or experiences between the consumer and the person making the report. XXXX has communicated late payment transactions illegally to all XXXX credit bureaus despite the United States Code stating it is NOT to be reported.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "397XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MS",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "I received notification from XXXX that XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX closed my account on XX/XX/year>. I am not 180 days past due neither am I over my allowed balance. XXXX never credited my account via the Electronic Funds Transfer Act from the dividend payment made on my treasury coupon. 15USC1666d states whenever a credit balance in excess of {$1.00} is created in connection with a consumer credit transaction through ( 1 ) transmittal of funds to a creditor in excess of the total balance due on an account, ( 2 ) rebates of unearned finance charges or insurance premiums, or ( 3 ) amounts otherwise owed to or held for the benefit of an obigor, the creditor shall- A. Credit the amount of the credit balance to the consumer 's account ; B. Refund any part of the amount of the remaining credit balance, upon request of the consumer ; and C. Make a good faith effort to refund to the consumer by cash, check, or money order any part of the amount of the credit balance remaining in the account for more than 6 months, except that no further action is required in any case in which the consumer 's current location is not known by the creditor and can not be traced through the consumer 's last known address or telephone number. Second violation : Mail Fraud [ 18USC1341 ] Securities are to be sent in registered form ONLY. XXXX sends security bonds through regular postal mail. \n15USC1681a2 Exclusions-the term consumer report does not include ( i ) report containing information solely as to transactions or experiences between the consumer and the person making the report. XXXX has communicated late payment transactions illegally to all XXXX credit bureaus despite the United States Code stating it is NOT to be reported."
}

Chunk:
i received notification from xxxx that xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx closed my account on xx / xx / year >. i am not 180 days past due neither am i over my allowed balance. xxxx never credited my account via the electronic funds transfer act from the dividend payment made on my treasury coupon. 15usc1666d states whenever a credit balance in excess of { $ 1. 00 } is created in connection with a consumer credit transaction through ( 1 ) transmittal of funds to a creditor in excess of the total balance due on an account, ( 2 ) rebates of unearned finance charges or insurance premiums, or ( 3 ) amounts otherwise owed to or held for the benefit of an obigor, the creditor shall - a. credit the amount of the credit balance to the consumer's account ; b. refund any part of the amount of the remaining credit balance, upon request of the consumer ; and c. make a good faith effort to refund to the consumer by cash, check, or money order any part of the amount of the credit balance remaining in the account for more than 6 months, except that no further action is required in any case in which the consumer's current location is not known by the creditor and can not be traced through the consumer's last known address or telephone number. second violation : mail fraud [ 18usc1341 ] securities are to be sent in registered form only. xxxx sends security bonds through regular postal mail. 15usc1681a2 exclusions - the term consumer report does not include ( i ) report containing information solely as to transactions or experiences between the consumer and the person making the report. xxxx has communicated late payment transactions illegally to all xxxx credit bureaus despite the united states code stating it is not to be reported.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.998354971408844
}
