Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9003897,
  "complaint_id": "9003897",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My name is XXXX XXXX, I filed an arbitration against Transworld Systems , Inc., however, I have received a notice from the XXXX XXXX XXXX, informing me that Transworld Systems , Inc., failed to comply with the XXXX  policies regarding consumer claims, out of compliance and therefore XXXX can not process any arbitrations with Transworld Systems , Inc. This means they are not only in breach of contract with me but with every other account, Transworld Systems , Inc. is servicing. I am requesting the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau launch a class action against Transworld Systems , Inc. on behalf of all other consumers. This company is in breach of contract and failed to comply with the arbitration provision on the debt they are collecting",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "07601",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "TRANSWORLD SYSTEMS INC",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company forcing arbitration",
  "text": "My name is XXXX XXXX, I filed an arbitration against Transworld Systems , Inc., however, I have received a notice from the XXXX XXXX XXXX, informing me that Transworld Systems , Inc., failed to comply with the XXXX  policies regarding consumer claims, out of compliance and therefore XXXX can not process any arbitrations with Transworld Systems , Inc. This means they are not only in breach of contract with me but with every other account, Transworld Systems , Inc. is servicing. I am requesting the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau launch a class action against Transworld Systems , Inc. on behalf of all other consumers. This company is in breach of contract and failed to comply with the arbitration provision on the debt they are collecting"
}

Chunk:
my name is xxxx xxxx, i filed an arbitration against transworld systems, inc., however, i have received a notice from the xxxx xxxx xxxx, informing me that transworld systems, inc., failed to comply with the xxxx policies regarding consumer claims, out of compliance and therefore xxxx can not process any arbitrations with transworld systems, inc. this means they are not only in breach of contract with me but with every other account, transworld systems, inc. is servicing. i am requesting the consumer financial protection bureau launch a class action against transworld systems, inc. on behalf of all other consumers. this company is in breach of contract and failed to comply with the arbitration provision on the debt they are collecting

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994094371795654
}
