Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9063173,
  "complaint_id": "9063173",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My XXXX account was hacked and someone purchased tickets for {$1000.00} via XXXX ( I'm not sure how this works, but they hacked my XXXX, but XXXX is the charge code on my account ). Because they were able to hack into my full account, the information used to make the purchase was my correct information. The hackers used a tactic where they sent a barrage of thousands of emails to my email address to hide the transaction email from XXXX and XXXX. However, I discovered the email within an hour of the transaction and immediately called Chase to cancel my card, which they did. The customer service rep said they would send the claim to the fraud department and they would get back to me within a few weeks. I called XXXX and XXXX separately to try to cancel the tickets, but neither company would cancel the tickets ( even though I caught this within an hour of purchase ). A few weeks after that, Chase refunded the full amount to my card, and I thought it was settled. However, today ( two months later ) I received a letter from Chase saying they would not accept my fraud claim because I \" benefitted '' from the purchase. They're claiming that because the hackers had all my correct information to make the purchase that it's a fair purchase. They hacked into my account, so of course they have the correct information. I called Chase and had them reopen the claim, and I'm attempting to get proof from XXXX and XXXX that I called them in XXXX to report the fraud ( which would've been nice to know I might need that back in XXXX when I was calling them ). But I'm concerned that Chase is not using common sense here. This is a very common crime they must see all the time. The ticketing sites are hacked all the time. I didn't know that my card was saved on my XXXX, but even if I had, it shouldn't have mattered. BECAUSE ( and here 's the real issue with Chase ) the card number saved on my XXXX account that was used to make the fraudulent transaction was a number that was victim to fraud over a year ago. The card was cancelled over a year before this new fraud, yet it was still linking to my new credit card number. This should've been flagged by Chase, which would've avoided the fraud in the first place.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "91350",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "My XXXX account was hacked and someone purchased tickets for {$1000.00} via XXXX ( I'm not sure how this works, but they hacked my XXXX, but XXXX is the charge code on my account ). Because they were able to hack into my full account, the information used to make the purchase was my correct information. The hackers used a tactic where they sent a barrage of thousands of emails to my email address to hide the transaction email from XXXX and XXXX. However, I discovered the email within an hour of the transaction and immediately called Chase to cancel my card, which they did. The customer service rep said they would send the claim to the fraud department and they would get back to me within a few weeks. I called XXXX and XXXX separately to try to cancel the tickets, but neither company would cancel the tickets ( even though I caught this within an hour of purchase ). A few weeks after that, Chase refunded the full amount to my card, and I thought it was settled. However, today ( two months later ) I received a letter from Chase saying they would not accept my fraud claim because I \" benefitted '' from the purchase. They're claiming that because the hackers had all my correct information to make the purchase that it's a fair purchase. They hacked into my account, so of course they have the correct information. I called Chase and had them reopen the claim, and I'm attempting to get proof from XXXX and XXXX that I called them in XXXX to report the fraud ( which would've been nice to know I might need that back in XXXX when I was calling them ). But I'm concerned that Chase is not using common sense here. This is a very common crime they must see all the time. The ticketing sites are hacked all the time. I didn't know that my card was saved on my XXXX, but even if I had, it shouldn't have mattered. BECAUSE ( and here 's the real issue with Chase ) the card number saved on my XXXX account that was used to make the fraudulent transaction was a number that was victim to fraud over a year ago. The card was cancelled over a year before this new fraud, yet it was still linking to my new credit card number. This should've been flagged by Chase, which would've avoided the fraud in the first place."
}

Chunk:
my xxxx account was hacked and someone purchased tickets for { $ 1000. 00 } via xxxx ( i'm not sure how this works, but they hacked my xxxx, but xxxx is the charge code on my account ). because they were able to hack into my full account, the information used to make the purchase was my correct information. the hackers used a tactic where they sent a barrage of thousands of emails to my email address to hide the transaction email from xxxx and xxxx. however, i discovered the email within an hour of the transaction and immediately called chase to cancel my card, which they did. the customer service rep said they would send the claim to the fraud department and they would get back to me within a few weeks. i called xxxx and xxxx separately to try to cancel the tickets, but neither company would cancel the tickets ( even though i caught this within an hour of purchase ). a few weeks after that, chase refunded the full amount to my card, and i thought it was settled. however, today ( two months later ) i received a letter from chase saying they would not accept my fraud claim because i " benefitted'' from the purchase. they're claiming that because the hackers had all my correct information to make the purchase that it's a fair purchase. they hacked into my account, so of course they have the correct information. i called chase and had them reopen the claim, and i'm attempting to get proof from xxxx and xxxx that i called them in xxxx to report the fraud ( which would've been nice to know i might need that back in xxxx when i was calling them ). but i'm concerned that chase is not using common sense here. this is a very common crime they must see all the time. the ticketing sites are hacked all the time. i didn't know that my card was saved on my xxxx, but even if i had, it shouldn't have mattered. because ( and here's the real issue with chase ) the card number saved on my xxxx account that was used to make the fraudulent transaction was a number that was victim to fraud over a year ago. the card was cancelled over a year before this new fraud, yet it was still linking to my new credit card number. this should've been flagged by chase, which would've avoided the fraud in the first place.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990654587745667
}
