Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9507580,
  "complaint_id": "9507580",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I applied for Barclays XXXXXXXX XXXX on a airplane ride back home a couple months ago, and as soon as I received my card in the mail, I called Barclays and the representative that I spoke to basically told me that I had up to a year to pay the annual fee fast forward to today. I looked at my XXXX because I got an alert and it stated that I had XXXXXXXX XXXX removed off my credit score so I right away called Barclays asked to speak to a manager and basically explain the situation and what I was told by the representative and she basically told me that her employee that I asked if they trained and she said yes, gave miss leading miss information that everybody isnt perfect and people make mistakes and I said as a consumer thats not OK because If im am getting trained by a company, Im not able to say what I want to. There will be consequences for that action I said so as a consumer, how can you help me because your employee told me something and now I got XXXX XXXX removed off of my credit score and she said maam we can retrain that employee that theres nothing that ai can do for You and I stated to her that I would be reporting her company because its not OK as a consumer I want to know how I can close down this card because I do not want to do business with a company who gives out Misinformation or treat a consumer like this Ive never been late on a payment. Ive never made a payment late in my life. Nothing negative has ever gotten reported to XXXX Please help me get my XXXX XXXX back put on my account with XXXX XXXX and Help me CLOSE down this SCAMMING COMPANY AND card with Barclays. I have a full recording of her whole entire conversation. She was very rude to me. Ive never been treated like this, especially from a credit card company. I could see if I Owe thousands and thousands thousand dollars on this account but I dont owe anything Ive never purchase and no transactions were made on this account. Please help me. Everybody that I meet I will tell all about my experience with frontier, Barclays XXXX XXXX, and how they treated me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "85302",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-07-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AZ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Confusing or misleading advertising about the credit card",
  "text": "I applied for Barclays XXXXXXXX XXXX on a airplane ride back home a couple months ago, and as soon as I received my card in the mail, I called Barclays and the representative that I spoke to basically told me that I had up to a year to pay the annual fee fast forward to today. I looked at my XXXX because I got an alert and it stated that I had XXXXXXXX XXXX removed off my credit score so I right away called Barclays asked to speak to a manager and basically explain the situation and what I was told by the representative and she basically told me that her employee that I asked if they trained and she said yes, gave miss leading miss information that everybody isnt perfect and people make mistakes and I said as a consumer thats not OK because If im am getting trained by a company, Im not able to say what I want to. There will be consequences for that action I said so as a consumer, how can you help me because your employee told me something and now I got XXXX XXXX removed off of my credit score and she said maam we can retrain that employee that theres nothing that ai can do for You and I stated to her that I would be reporting her company because its not OK as a consumer I want to know how I can close down this card because I do not want to do business with a company who gives out Misinformation or treat a consumer like this Ive never been late on a payment. Ive never made a payment late in my life. Nothing negative has ever gotten reported to XXXX Please help me get my XXXX XXXX back put on my account with XXXX XXXX and Help me CLOSE down this SCAMMING COMPANY AND card with Barclays. I have a full recording of her whole entire conversation. She was very rude to me. Ive never been treated like this, especially from a credit card company. I could see if I Owe thousands and thousands thousand dollars on this account but I dont owe anything Ive never purchase and no transactions were made on this account. Please help me. Everybody that I meet I will tell all about my experience with frontier, Barclays XXXX XXXX, and how they treated me."
}

Chunk:
i applied for barclays xxxxxxxx xxxx on a airplane ride back home a couple months ago, and as soon as i received my card in the mail, i called barclays and the representative that i spoke to basically told me that i had up to a year to pay the annual fee fast forward to today. i looked at my xxxx because i got an alert and it stated that i had xxxxxxxx xxxx removed off my credit score so i right away called barclays asked to speak to a manager and basically explain the situation and what i was told by the representative and she basically told me that her employee that i asked if they trained and she said yes, gave miss leading miss information that everybody isnt perfect and people make mistakes and i said as a consumer thats not ok because if im am getting trained by a company, im not able to say what i want to. there will be consequences for that action i said so as a consumer, how can you help me because your employee told me something and now i got xxxx xxxx removed off of my credit score and she said maam we can retrain that employee that theres nothing that ai can do for you and i stated to her that i would be reporting her company because its not ok as a consumer i want to know how i can close down this card because i do not want to do business with a company who gives out misinformation or treat a consumer like this ive never been late on a payment. ive never made a payment late in my life. nothing negative has ever gotten reported to xxxx please help me get my xxxx xxxx back put on my account with xxxx xxxx and help me close down this scamming company and card with barclays. i have a full recording of her whole entire conversation. she was very rude to me. ive never been treated like this, especially from a credit card company. i could see if i owe thousands and thousands thousand dollars on this account but i dont owe anything ive never purchase and no transactions were made on this account. please help me. everybody that i meet i will tell all about my experience with frontier, barclays xxxx xxxx, and how they treated me.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991044402122498
}
