Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9036055,
  "complaint_id": "9036055",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I been trying to attain a increase for 7 months now from \" Goldman Sachs '', and just today on XXXX XXXX ; XXXX I ask again for a credit increase and once again denied. Their reason which been their same reason over and over again that due to lates, or negatives on my XXXX, from which this bank pull from that my request has been denied. I have told them I don't know where you attain this information from, but your computer system is not accurate at all. My credit scores are in the XXXX which is listed as excellent rating. One can not attain an XXXX  credit score, and don't have \" ANY '' lates, negatives, or derogatory on your credit report that's just impossible. I ask them to look at my XXXX, and XXXX to prove my real credit scores and report and they refuse. So I had no choice but to file a complaint on Goldman Sachs. I also have filed a complaint with Federal Regulation Board.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "741XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA",
  "date_received": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OK",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't increase or decrease your credit limit",
  "text": "I been trying to attain a increase for 7 months now from \" Goldman Sachs '', and just today on XXXX XXXX ; XXXX I ask again for a credit increase and once again denied. Their reason which been their same reason over and over again that due to lates, or negatives on my XXXX, from which this bank pull from that my request has been denied. I have told them I don't know where you attain this information from, but your computer system is not accurate at all. My credit scores are in the XXXX which is listed as excellent rating. One can not attain an XXXX  credit score, and don't have \" ANY '' lates, negatives, or derogatory on your credit report that's just impossible. I ask them to look at my XXXX, and XXXX to prove my real credit scores and report and they refuse. So I had no choice but to file a complaint on Goldman Sachs. I also have filed a complaint with Federal Regulation Board."
}

Chunk:
i been trying to attain a increase for 7 months now from " goldman sachs'', and just today on xxxx xxxx ; xxxx i ask again for a credit increase and once again denied. their reason which been their same reason over and over again that due to lates, or negatives on my xxxx, from which this bank pull from that my request has been denied. i have told them i don't know where you attain this information from, but your computer system is not accurate at all. my credit scores are in the xxxx which is listed as excellent rating. one can not attain an xxxx credit score, and don't have " any'' lates, negatives, or derogatory on your credit report that's just impossible. i ask them to look at my xxxx, and xxxx to prove my real credit scores and report and they refuse. so i had no choice but to file a complaint on goldman sachs. i also have filed a complaint with federal regulation board.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9987536668777466
}
