Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9106282,
  "complaint_id": "9106282",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Chime company has not protected my money whatsoever. I trusted them with my hard earned money but they have no care whatsoever. I have been a customer for a long time but will close all my accounts with them. Thousands worth of charges were made on my credit builder card from XXXX which is from offshore somewhere. I received multiple Fraud Alert messages from Chime if I did the transaction in which I replied no but they still let all the transactions go through. There were about more than 20 transactions of {$99.00} made on the same day. I tried reaching out to them but through multiple avenues and it was only last night I was able to reach a person in which I voiced out all my problems, they opened a dispute for the transaction it was only a few hours later of investigation they denied and charged me for all those 20+ transaction. How can they ping a fraud alert but still let those transaction go through, how can they investigate for only a few hours, they did not even reach out to the merchant about this whatsoever. They failed to protect my money.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "94533",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Chime Financial Inc",
  "date_received": "2024-05-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "Chime company has not protected my money whatsoever. I trusted them with my hard earned money but they have no care whatsoever. I have been a customer for a long time but will close all my accounts with them. Thousands worth of charges were made on my credit builder card from XXXX which is from offshore somewhere. I received multiple Fraud Alert messages from Chime if I did the transaction in which I replied no but they still let all the transactions go through. There were about more than 20 transactions of {$99.00} made on the same day. I tried reaching out to them but through multiple avenues and it was only last night I was able to reach a person in which I voiced out all my problems, they opened a dispute for the transaction it was only a few hours later of investigation they denied and charged me for all those 20+ transaction. How can they ping a fraud alert but still let those transaction go through, how can they investigate for only a few hours, they did not even reach out to the merchant about this whatsoever. They failed to protect my money."
}

Chunk:
chime company has not protected my money whatsoever. i trusted them with my hard earned money but they have no care whatsoever. i have been a customer for a long time but will close all my accounts with them. thousands worth of charges were made on my credit builder card from xxxx which is from offshore somewhere. i received multiple fraud alert messages from chime if i did the transaction in which i replied no but they still let all the transactions go through. there were about more than 20 transactions of { $ 99. 00 } made on the same day. i tried reaching out to them but through multiple avenues and it was only last night i was able to reach a person in which i voiced out all my problems, they opened a dispute for the transaction it was only a few hours later of investigation they denied and charged me for all those 20 + transaction. how can they ping a fraud alert but still let those transaction go through, how can they investigate for only a few hours, they did not even reach out to the merchant about this whatsoever. they failed to protect my money.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9985854625701904
}
