Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9657135,
  "complaint_id": "9657135",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX I made a single application for a new Citi Bank Credit Card. I already have 2 business accounts and a personal account with them. The application was denied online so I called in to see why and was told I would get a letter. On XX/XX/XXXX I received a letter stating in part ... '' We're unable to approve your application because we couldn't verify some of the information on your application. '' I called back on XX/XX/XXXX and ask what they could not verify. The agent told me she could not tell me and then transferred me to a supervisor that said the same thing. I explained that I already had other accounts with no issue and how could I provide documents or whatever was needed for them to be able to verify my information. The supervisor told me there was nothing they could do and it would stand at denied. Since they did not base their decision on my credit, but something else, I asked how they could XXXX ) request my credit in the first place and XXXX ) not allow me to rectify the situation. It wasn't until I logged into XXXX to dispute the inquiry did I discover they pulled my credit twice on the same day.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33040",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Application denied",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX I made a single application for a new Citi Bank Credit Card. I already have 2 business accounts and a personal account with them. The application was denied online so I called in to see why and was told I would get a letter. On XX/XX/XXXX I received a letter stating in part ... '' We're unable to approve your application because we couldn't verify some of the information on your application. '' I called back on XX/XX/XXXX and ask what they could not verify. The agent told me she could not tell me and then transferred me to a supervisor that said the same thing. I explained that I already had other accounts with no issue and how could I provide documents or whatever was needed for them to be able to verify my information. The supervisor told me there was nothing they could do and it would stand at denied. Since they did not base their decision on my credit, but something else, I asked how they could XXXX ) request my credit in the first place and XXXX ) not allow me to rectify the situation. It wasn't until I logged into XXXX to dispute the inquiry did I discover they pulled my credit twice on the same day."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx i made a single application for a new citi bank credit card. i already have 2 business accounts and a personal account with them. the application was denied online so i called in to see why and was told i would get a letter. on xx / xx / xxxx i received a letter stating in part...'' we're unable to approve your application because we couldn't verify some of the information on your application.'' i called back on xx / xx / xxxx and ask what they could not verify. the agent told me she could not tell me and then transferred me to a supervisor that said the same thing. i explained that i already had other accounts with no issue and how could i provide documents or whatever was needed for them to be able to verify my information. the supervisor told me there was nothing they could do and it would stand at denied. since they did not base their decision on my credit, but something else, i asked how they could xxxx ) request my credit in the first place and xxxx ) not allow me to rectify the situation. it wasn't until i logged into xxxx to dispute the inquiry did i discover they pulled my credit twice on the same day.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995067119598389
}
