Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9700252,
  "complaint_id": "9700252",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX I received an email in my inbox from Wells Fargo bank that my credit card had automatically been enrolled in XXXX. To opt out, it required my email address and phone number which I value and guard ). I have a baseline of comparison because I do not receive that many emails nor do I receive that many text messages on my XXXX. Of course, this has taken me approximately 15 years to achieve after leaving employment with a technology company on XX/XX/XXXX. I terminated my employment with this company because at the time there did appear to be some privacy issues surrounding my company allotted computer, at-home internet connection which I paid for and did not receive compensation from the company I worked for at the time. After leaving this position on XX/XX/XXXX, it has taken me 15 years to protect my privacy. The email from Wells Fargo bank with Wells Fargo letterhead indicated that my credit card had been automatically enrolled in XXXX. Next, I logged into my Wells Fargo account; checked the messaging center where I only receive notifications/alerts from Wells Fargo bank XXXX Monthly I receive bank statement notifications and sometimes alerts. There was the same message in my Wells Fargo messaging center that my Wells Fargo credit card had been automatically enrolled in XXXX. How did this happen? Who did it? After reading the Wells Fargo online service agreement ( I do not use the Wells Fargo mobile app ) ; and then having to go to the XXXX website which lists XXXX. Website Privacy Notice XXXX. Service Privacy Notice XXXX. Service Agreement XXXX. Cookies and Tracking. ( Which shows XXXX is engaging with XXXX and others in tracking if website is used reading the XXXX service agreement ( for a product I never enrolled in but someone at Wells Fargo bank enrolled me in ) ; I decided to opt out. At the time, the only viable answer I concluded because it had dropped into my internal Wells Fargo bank messaging center as an alert/notification was to opt out. \n\nI did not opt out using the Wells Fargo messaging center but returned to my email and used the email with hyperlink called my wallet/Paze. This required my email address and phone number ( which I rarely give out ). I did enter these XXXX pieces of information which generated a verification message on my XXXX that I had opted out of XXXX. \n\nOnce again, a privacy violation because XXXX. I never enrolled my credit card in XXXX. \nXXXX. I limit my use of the Wells Fargo credit card maintaining most of the time either a XXXX balance or it may achieve a XXXX balance when obtaining gasoline. \n\nXXXX. It required me to visit the XXXX site where their server is tracking my ip address and viewing of their service agreement. ( When traveling to the XXXX website, there is a big Wells Fargo disclaimer that I am now moving to a third party website. ( I had to move to the third party website because someone at Wells Fargo bank enrolled my credit card in XXXX without my approval. \n\nXXXX. The Wells Fargo online agreement has XXXX in section 10 with a phone number listed. I do not use Wells Fargo 's mobile app ; therefore, I am not sure if some of the legal disclaimers in that online agreement would even apply to me. \n\nXXXX. Extra communication was expending in revealing my identity as I log this complaint with the Conumser Financial Bureau. \n\nXXXX. As a result, I have saved the Wells Fargo online service agreement with section 10 covering Paze ( I do not use the Wells Fargo mobile app ) ; saved the XXXX service agreement; saved a hardcopy of the Wells Fargo XXXX email message that my credit card with last four digits listed in the email was enrolled in XXXX ; I logged back into my account and printed out a hardcopy of the Wells Fargo alert/notification in my Wells Fargo message center with the same message. \n\nXXXX. I then backed up my computer; backed up my XXXX and everyday when waking up in the morning I now log into Wells Fargo bank and check my account balances to see if there has been any unauthorized change in my account balances. \n\nXXXX. I as a consumer spend time and energy now watching a consumer credit card issued by Wells Fargo ( with XXXX balance most of the time ). \n\nXXXX. We are all now as consumers watching Wells Fargo bank ; all eyes now are on Wells Fargo bank because banking, cybersecurity is about the most important thing.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-08-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "83854",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-08-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "ID",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Privacy issues",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX I received an email in my inbox from Wells Fargo bank that my credit card had automatically been enrolled in XXXX. To opt out, it required my email address and phone number which I value and guard ). I have a baseline of comparison because I do not receive that many emails nor do I receive that many text messages on my XXXX. Of course, this has taken me approximately 15 years to achieve after leaving employment with a technology company on XX/XX/XXXX. I terminated my employment with this company because at the time there did appear to be some privacy issues surrounding my company allotted computer, at-home internet connection which I paid for and did not receive compensation from the company I worked for at the time. After leaving this position on XX/XX/XXXX, it has taken me 15 years to protect my privacy. The email from Wells Fargo bank with Wells Fargo letterhead indicated that my credit card had been automatically enrolled in XXXX. Next, I logged into my Wells Fargo account; checked the messaging center where I only receive notifications/alerts from Wells Fargo bank XXXX Monthly I receive bank statement notifications and sometimes alerts. There was the same message in my Wells Fargo messaging center that my Wells Fargo credit card had been automatically enrolled in XXXX. How did this happen? Who did it? After reading the Wells Fargo online service agreement ( I do not use the Wells Fargo mobile app ) ; and then having to go to the XXXX website which lists XXXX. Website Privacy Notice XXXX. Service Privacy Notice XXXX. Service Agreement XXXX. Cookies and Tracking. ( Which shows XXXX is engaging with XXXX and others in tracking if website is used reading the XXXX service agreement ( for a product I never enrolled in but someone at Wells Fargo bank enrolled me in ) ; I decided to opt out. At the time, the only viable answer I concluded because it had dropped into my internal Wells Fargo bank messaging center as an alert/notification was to opt out. \n\nI did not opt out using the Wells Fargo messaging center but returned to my email and used the email with hyperlink called my wallet/Paze. This required my email address and phone number ( which I rarely give out ). I did enter these XXXX pieces of information which generated a verification message on my XXXX that I had opted out of XXXX. \n\nOnce again, a privacy violation because XXXX. I never enrolled my credit card in XXXX. \nXXXX. I limit my use of the Wells Fargo credit card maintaining most of the time either a XXXX balance or it may achieve a XXXX balance when obtaining gasoline. \n\nXXXX. It required me to visit the XXXX site where their server is tracking my ip address and viewing of their service agreement. ( When traveling to the XXXX website, there is a big Wells Fargo disclaimer that I am now moving to a third party website. ( I had to move to the third party website because someone at Wells Fargo bank enrolled my credit card in XXXX without my approval. \n\nXXXX. The Wells Fargo online agreement has XXXX in section 10 with a phone number listed. I do not use Wells Fargo 's mobile app ; therefore, I am not sure if some of the legal disclaimers in that online agreement would even apply to me. \n\nXXXX. Extra communication was expending in revealing my identity as I log this complaint with the Conumser Financial Bureau. \n\nXXXX. As a result, I have saved the Wells Fargo online service agreement with section 10 covering Paze ( I do not use the Wells Fargo mobile app ) ; saved the XXXX service agreement; saved a hardcopy of the Wells Fargo XXXX email message that my credit card with last four digits listed in the email was enrolled in XXXX ; I logged back into my account and printed out a hardcopy of the Wells Fargo alert/notification in my Wells Fargo message center with the same message. \n\nXXXX. I then backed up my computer; backed up my XXXX and everyday when waking up in the morning I now log into Wells Fargo bank and check my account balances to see if there has been any unauthorized change in my account balances. \n\nXXXX. I as a consumer spend time and energy now watching a consumer credit card issued by Wells Fargo ( with XXXX balance most of the time ). \n\nXXXX. We are all now as consumers watching Wells Fargo bank ; all eyes now are on Wells Fargo bank because banking, cybersecurity is about the most important thing."
}

Chunk:
use of the wells fargo credit card maintaining most of the time either a xxxx balance or it may achieve a xxxx balance when obtaining gasoline. xxxx. it required me to visit the xxxx site where their server is tracking my ip address and viewing of their service agreement. ( when traveling to the xxxx website, there is a big wells fargo disclaimer that i am now moving to a third party website. ( i had to move to the third party website because someone at wells fargo bank enrolled my credit card in xxxx without my approval. xxxx. the wells fargo online agreement has xxxx in section 10 with a phone number listed. i do not use wells fargo's mobile app ; therefore, i am not sure if some of the legal disclaimers in that online agreement would even apply to me. xxxx. extra communication was expending in revealing my identity as i log this complaint with the conumser financial bureau. xxxx. as a result, i have saved the wells fargo online service agreement with section 10 covering paze ( i do not use the wells fargo mobile app ) ; saved the xxxx service agreement ; saved a hardcopy of the wells fargo xxxx email message that my credit card with last four digits listed in the email was enrolled in xxxx ; i logged back into my account and printed out a hardcopy of the wells fargo alert / notification in my wells fargo message center with the same message. xxxx. i then backed up my computer ; backed up my xxxx and everyday when waking up in the morning i now log into wells fargo bank and check my account balances to see if there has been any unauthorized change in my account balances. xxxx. i as a consumer spend time and energy now watching a consumer credit card issued by wells fargo ( with xxxx balance most of the time ). xxxx. we are all now as consumers watching wells fargo bank ; all eyes now are on wells fargo bank because banking, cybersecurity is about the most important thing.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990190267562866
}
