Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9123448,
  "complaint_id": "9123448",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have had discover credit card for several years but I decided to close the account in XX/XX/year> due to confusing and unpleasant experience I had with the company when I needed to update my contact info. \n\nIn XX/XX/year>, I was in need to update my phone number and email address. I also had a choice to update the account user name and password because I added a high yield saving and checking account. Their deposit account service was a completely separate from their credit card service. But however I was prompted to set up a new online banking account that includes both credit card and deposit accounts. Even though I was told that I should have option to set up the new deposit account either separately or combining. \n\nI have never had any problem with any bank but I started having nothing but trouble with discover card ( and bank ) after I needed to update my contact info. Updating contact info had always been an easy online self serve feature but I found myself blocked from making any changes online or on app. I had to call the call center to make the change. When I called in, I was fully verified and the my contact info was updated for me. Somehow my account was still red flagged because discover wrote me a letter dated on XX/XX/year> requesting me to call their customer protection services. After I called the number provided in the letter, I was told I needed to call back the next day because my case was escalated to their fraud department. Full of questions and puzzles I couldn't wait to speak to the fraud department so they can explain to me what this was all about??!! but when I called the fraud department, the woman first asked me whats the reason for my call? Whats going on! she said. It was not making any sense to me at that moment but my intuition prompted me letting her know that I had updated my phone number. Nothing. I just updated my phone number. I answered. Immediately she said ok you are fine. \n\nHowever I was not fine because I was even more confused. If updating my contact info was classified as suspicious, fraudulent or adverse online activity therefore I was blocked from managing my own account and had to call to speak to their representative to be fully verified and make the changes. Why my account was still red flagged and I was treated as a scammer!? They dont trust their online security? They also dont trust their own employees at the call center? But the call center employees always follow the proper company protocol or security procedures. I was always fully verified upon each of my phone inquiries. Even though I had not been using their credit card for months. That should not be a huge concern or implication of lost/stolen neither. \n\nThe most bothersome was that their fraud department had no clue what had triggered the red flag on my account. However I do appreciate they reach out to me for verification. So a big applause for discover card fraud department here. They did their job and did well. But I do feel the company will need to update their all center and online system security/quality measures to be a reliable financial/credit card service provider. \n\nP.S. \nBTW, I also closed both high yield saving and checking account for the similar reason. As a matter of fact I had way worse experience with their deposit account service. It was a nightmare because I was run around by their call center representatives and still got nothing done. I felt the call center severely lack of professionalism and products/company knowledge. Even though all their call centers were located in the US and open XXXX, it did not mean anything if they couldnt provide any good service.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "98277",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "DISCOVER BANK",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "I have had discover credit card for several years but I decided to close the account in XX/XX/year> due to confusing and unpleasant experience I had with the company when I needed to update my contact info. \n\nIn XX/XX/year>, I was in need to update my phone number and email address. I also had a choice to update the account user name and password because I added a high yield saving and checking account. Their deposit account service was a completely separate from their credit card service. But however I was prompted to set up a new online banking account that includes both credit card and deposit accounts. Even though I was told that I should have option to set up the new deposit account either separately or combining. \n\nI have never had any problem with any bank but I started having nothing but trouble with discover card ( and bank ) after I needed to update my contact info. Updating contact info had always been an easy online self serve feature but I found myself blocked from making any changes online or on app. I had to call the call center to make the change. When I called in, I was fully verified and the my contact info was updated for me. Somehow my account was still red flagged because discover wrote me a letter dated on XX/XX/year> requesting me to call their customer protection services. After I called the number provided in the letter, I was told I needed to call back the next day because my case was escalated to their fraud department. Full of questions and puzzles I couldn't wait to speak to the fraud department so they can explain to me what this was all about??!! but when I called the fraud department, the woman first asked me whats the reason for my call? Whats going on! she said. It was not making any sense to me at that moment but my intuition prompted me letting her know that I had updated my phone number. Nothing. I just updated my phone number. I answered. Immediately she said ok you are fine. \n\nHowever I was not fine because I was even more confused. If updating my contact info was classified as suspicious, fraudulent or adverse online activity therefore I was blocked from managing my own account and had to call to speak to their representative to be fully verified and make the changes. Why my account was still red flagged and I was treated as a scammer!? They dont trust their online security? They also dont trust their own employees at the call center? But the call center employees always follow the proper company protocol or security procedures. I was always fully verified upon each of my phone inquiries. Even though I had not been using their credit card for months. That should not be a huge concern or implication of lost/stolen neither. \n\nThe most bothersome was that their fraud department had no clue what had triggered the red flag on my account. However I do appreciate they reach out to me for verification. So a big applause for discover card fraud department here. They did their job and did well. But I do feel the company will need to update their all center and online system security/quality measures to be a reliable financial/credit card service provider. \n\nP.S. \nBTW, I also closed both high yield saving and checking account for the similar reason. As a matter of fact I had way worse experience with their deposit account service. It was a nightmare because I was run around by their call center representatives and still got nothing done. I felt the call center severely lack of professionalism and products/company knowledge. Even though all their call centers were located in the US and open XXXX, it did not mean anything if they couldnt provide any good service."
}

Chunk:
or security procedures. i was always fully verified upon each of my phone inquiries. even though i had not been using their credit card for months. that should not be a huge concern or implication of lost / stolen neither. the most bothersome was that their fraud department had no clue what had triggered the red flag on my account. however i do appreciate they reach out to me for verification. so a big applause for discover card fraud department here. they did their job and did well. but i do feel the company will need to update their all center and online system security / quality measures to be a reliable financial / credit card service provider. p. s. btw, i also closed both high yield saving and checking account for the similar reason. as a matter of fact i had way worse experience with their deposit account service. it was a nightmare because i was run around by their call center representatives and still got nothing done. i felt the call center severely lack of professionalism and products / company knowledge. even though all their call centers were located in the us and open xxxx, it did not mean anything if they couldnt provide any good service.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993665814399719
}
