Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9238940,
  "complaint_id": "9238940",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Place of employment closed and then was unemployment so had no problems making the minimum payment. Ran out of unemployment so I fell behind a month on the credit card bill. Come to realize, I have credit card protection which I didnt know I had. Called to ask about how to get in contact, just to get hung up on. Called again, gave me a transfer number. Called that and got info to send via email to prove my circumstances. Sent it, basically two months later I'm still waiting as everytime I log into the account it still says pending documents. I sent them also, dude on the phone said they wouldn't go back to the prior month I was past due when the terms and agreement clearly state it goes back to the loss of income.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Struggling to pay your bill",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Atlanticus Services Corporation",
  "date_received": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't work with you while you're going through financial hardship",
  "text": "Place of employment closed and then was unemployment so had no problems making the minimum payment. Ran out of unemployment so I fell behind a month on the credit card bill. Come to realize, I have credit card protection which I didnt know I had. Called to ask about how to get in contact, just to get hung up on. Called again, gave me a transfer number. Called that and got info to send via email to prove my circumstances. Sent it, basically two months later I'm still waiting as everytime I log into the account it still says pending documents. I sent them also, dude on the phone said they wouldn't go back to the prior month I was past due when the terms and agreement clearly state it goes back to the loss of income."
}

Chunk:
place of employment closed and then was unemployment so had no problems making the minimum payment. ran out of unemployment so i fell behind a month on the credit card bill. come to realize, i have credit card protection which i didnt know i had. called to ask about how to get in contact, just to get hung up on. called again, gave me a transfer number. called that and got info to send via email to prove my circumstances. sent it, basically two months later i'm still waiting as everytime i log into the account it still says pending documents. i sent them also, dude on the phone said they wouldn't go back to the prior month i was past due when the terms and agreement clearly state it goes back to the loss of income.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.998139500617981
}
