Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9054293,
  "complaint_id": "9054293",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I booked a hotel stay in XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX in XX/XX/XXXX for a trip in XX/XX/XXXX. I was billed in full ( nightly rate/taxes/fees ) after the reservation was made. Upon checking out from the hotel, I received a Capital One app alert of a charge from the hotel. I received no additional communication from the hotel regarding the charge. I contacted the hotel and after several back-and-forth email exchanges, I was told the charge was for taxes/fees. The hotel was not able to address my question as to why I was billed taxes/fees twice, once at the time of booking and then the second time was upon checking out from the hotel. I then contacted Capital One Travel since that was the venue where the reservation was made. The agent was not able to answer my question either and contacted the hotel while we were on the call. She came back with the same answer that the hotel had already provided to me although I had informed her of my communication with the hotel in the beginning of our conversation. She wrapped up the conversation with she could not assist me further. \nSince my question was not answered by either the hotel or the travel company that sold me the hotel nights, I decided to file a dispute through Capital One Credit Card. The investigation took over 4 months including multiple lengthy phone calls with different agents and supervisor as well as providing supporting document. In my last conversation with the supervisor, he seemed to understand the issue and told me they would reach out to the hotel and ask for an explanation to the doubled charged taxes and fees. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX, I received an online document from Capital One. To my shock, I was being told of the exact same thing they had told me in XXXX, which was I did not supply sufficient document to justify my dispute. I am at a loss at this point and decided that continuing to work with Capital One is a loss cost.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "20878",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MD",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I booked a hotel stay in XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX in XX/XX/XXXX for a trip in XX/XX/XXXX. I was billed in full ( nightly rate/taxes/fees ) after the reservation was made. Upon checking out from the hotel, I received a Capital One app alert of a charge from the hotel. I received no additional communication from the hotel regarding the charge. I contacted the hotel and after several back-and-forth email exchanges, I was told the charge was for taxes/fees. The hotel was not able to address my question as to why I was billed taxes/fees twice, once at the time of booking and then the second time was upon checking out from the hotel. I then contacted Capital One Travel since that was the venue where the reservation was made. The agent was not able to answer my question either and contacted the hotel while we were on the call. She came back with the same answer that the hotel had already provided to me although I had informed her of my communication with the hotel in the beginning of our conversation. She wrapped up the conversation with she could not assist me further. \nSince my question was not answered by either the hotel or the travel company that sold me the hotel nights, I decided to file a dispute through Capital One Credit Card. The investigation took over 4 months including multiple lengthy phone calls with different agents and supervisor as well as providing supporting document. In my last conversation with the supervisor, he seemed to understand the issue and told me they would reach out to the hotel and ask for an explanation to the doubled charged taxes and fees. \nOn XX/XX/XXXX, I received an online document from Capital One. To my shock, I was being told of the exact same thing they had told me in XXXX, which was I did not supply sufficient document to justify my dispute. I am at a loss at this point and decided that continuing to work with Capital One is a loss cost."
}

Chunk:
i booked a hotel stay in xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx in xx / xx / xxxx for a trip in xx / xx / xxxx. i was billed in full ( nightly rate / taxes / fees ) after the reservation was made. upon checking out from the hotel, i received a capital one app alert of a charge from the hotel. i received no additional communication from the hotel regarding the charge. i contacted the hotel and after several back - and - forth email exchanges, i was told the charge was for taxes / fees. the hotel was not able to address my question as to why i was billed taxes / fees twice, once at the time of booking and then the second time was upon checking out from the hotel. i then contacted capital one travel since that was the venue where the reservation was made. the agent was not able to answer my question either and contacted the hotel while we were on the call. she came back with the same answer that the hotel had already provided to me although i had informed her of my communication with the hotel in the beginning of our conversation. she wrapped up the conversation with she could not assist me further. since my question was not answered by either the hotel or the travel company that sold me the hotel nights, i decided to file a dispute through capital one credit card. the investigation took over 4 months including multiple lengthy phone calls with different agents and supervisor as well as providing supporting document. in my last conversation with the supervisor, he seemed to understand the issue and told me they would reach out to the hotel and ask for an explanation to the doubled charged taxes and fees. on xx / xx / xxxx, i received an online document from capital one. to my shock, i was being told of the exact same thing they had told me in xxxx, which was i did not supply sufficient document to justify my dispute. i am at a loss at this point and decided that continuing to work with capital one is a loss cost.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995206594467163
}
