Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9170826,
  "complaint_id": "9170826",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have nearly XXXX points with capital one and XXXX cant access them on their app or using XXXX or chrome. This problem has lasted over one week, My account shows the balance but when I click convert rewards it goes to a blank page. I spoke with several representatives at cap one who provided no help and got transferred to a supervisor named XXXX ( employee number XXXX ) who was incredibly unhelpful. I am unable to access points worth thousands of dollars and I need to use them to book a flight to see my parents. This is obviously unacceptable. I have attached the screenshot of my account and point balance and the blank page on capital ones website I get taken to when I attempt to convert my rewards.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "200XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "DC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with rewards from credit card",
  "text": "I have nearly XXXX points with capital one and XXXX cant access them on their app or using XXXX or chrome. This problem has lasted over one week, My account shows the balance but when I click convert rewards it goes to a blank page. I spoke with several representatives at cap one who provided no help and got transferred to a supervisor named XXXX ( employee number XXXX ) who was incredibly unhelpful. I am unable to access points worth thousands of dollars and I need to use them to book a flight to see my parents. This is obviously unacceptable. I have attached the screenshot of my account and point balance and the blank page on capital ones website I get taken to when I attempt to convert my rewards."
}

Chunk:
i have nearly xxxx points with capital one and xxxx cant access them on their app or using xxxx or chrome. this problem has lasted over one week, my account shows the balance but when i click convert rewards it goes to a blank page. i spoke with several representatives at cap one who provided no help and got transferred to a supervisor named xxxx ( employee number xxxx ) who was incredibly unhelpful. i am unable to access points worth thousands of dollars and i need to use them to book a flight to see my parents. this is obviously unacceptable. i have attached the screenshot of my account and point balance and the blank page on capital ones website i get taken to when i attempt to convert my rewards.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9997134804725647
}
