Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9671474,
  "complaint_id": "9671474",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Synchrony Bank partner with Amazon and I had a credit limit of XXXX. For absolutely no reason and I always paid on time they lower my credit limit to XXXXXXXX XXXX Than I decided to close my account since this drastically damadge my credit rating & report. I close my account and I owe XXXX XXXX and they began to add fees even after the accoutnwas close. The fees came to XXXX each time. In less than 150 days the additional fees have amounted to more than XXXX XXXX Note that the my account has been close for over 5 months. If I got a fee every month of XXXX dollars that would euqal XXXX and thats not even half of what they now lie that I owe. I never use my credit to accumulate the over XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX They have all been added fees by arbitration nor does my credit limit even allow me to extend beyond the deducted XXXX dollars they have self impose. Synchrony Bank is operating in fraud and deceiving its customers who believe their accounts have been close. I close my account in XXXX and they can not be allowed to damage other peoples credit like this. They manipulate their banking system and create false realities. I have tried to buy a home and get a loan and they have prevented me from doing so. They need to pay for the damages that they have done for deceptive practices.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "77066",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-07-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "Synchrony Bank partner with Amazon and I had a credit limit of XXXX. For absolutely no reason and I always paid on time they lower my credit limit to XXXXXXXX XXXX Than I decided to close my account since this drastically damadge my credit rating & report. I close my account and I owe XXXX XXXX and they began to add fees even after the accoutnwas close. The fees came to XXXX each time. In less than 150 days the additional fees have amounted to more than XXXX XXXX Note that the my account has been close for over 5 months. If I got a fee every month of XXXX dollars that would euqal XXXX and thats not even half of what they now lie that I owe. I never use my credit to accumulate the over XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX They have all been added fees by arbitration nor does my credit limit even allow me to extend beyond the deducted XXXX dollars they have self impose. Synchrony Bank is operating in fraud and deceiving its customers who believe their accounts have been close. I close my account in XXXX and they can not be allowed to damage other peoples credit like this. They manipulate their banking system and create false realities. I have tried to buy a home and get a loan and they have prevented me from doing so. They need to pay for the damages that they have done for deceptive practices."
}

Chunk:
synchrony bank partner with amazon and i had a credit limit of xxxx. for absolutely no reason and i always paid on time they lower my credit limit to xxxxxxxx xxxx than i decided to close my account since this drastically damadge my credit rating & report. i close my account and i owe xxxx xxxx and they began to add fees even after the accoutnwas close. the fees came to xxxx each time. in less than 150 days the additional fees have amounted to more than xxxx xxxx note that the my account has been close for over 5 months. if i got a fee every month of xxxx dollars that would euqal xxxx and thats not even half of what they now lie that i owe. i never use my credit to accumulate the over xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx they have all been added fees by arbitration nor does my credit limit even allow me to extend beyond the deducted xxxx dollars they have self impose. synchrony bank is operating in fraud and deceiving its customers who believe their accounts have been close. i close my account in xxxx and they can not be allowed to damage other peoples credit like this. they manipulate their banking system and create false realities. i have tried to buy a home and get a loan and they have prevented me from doing so. they need to pay for the damages that they have done for deceptive practices.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9986683130264282
}
