Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9256613,
  "complaint_id": "9256613",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I've gotten numerous emails from \" Concora Credit Inc '' under the names of a few different cards, \" Destiny '' \" XXXX XXXX '' \" Milestone '' \" Concora '', and on some they said I was given a credit card, enrolled in paperless statements, credit protection and the like, I called and told them I never applied, nor do I want a credit card from them. They claimed they would close the account and report \" fraud '' ... then proceeded to send me several more emails claiming I requested to open more accounts. On none of them do they have my current address, but it seems they have my name and apparently my email address? I have asked them before and they keep sending me emails claiming to be attempting to open accounts without my consent. PLEASE HELP! I can forward some of the emails that I haven't yet deleted if necessary. I am concerned they will eventually do something worse than opening accounts and sending me emails, all of which is damaging my credit by them continuing to open accounts in my name.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "32904",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CLGF Holdco 1, LLC",
  "date_received": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "I've gotten numerous emails from \" Concora Credit Inc '' under the names of a few different cards, \" Destiny '' \" XXXX XXXX '' \" Milestone '' \" Concora '', and on some they said I was given a credit card, enrolled in paperless statements, credit protection and the like, I called and told them I never applied, nor do I want a credit card from them. They claimed they would close the account and report \" fraud '' ... then proceeded to send me several more emails claiming I requested to open more accounts. On none of them do they have my current address, but it seems they have my name and apparently my email address? I have asked them before and they keep sending me emails claiming to be attempting to open accounts without my consent. PLEASE HELP! I can forward some of the emails that I haven't yet deleted if necessary. I am concerned they will eventually do something worse than opening accounts and sending me emails, all of which is damaging my credit by them continuing to open accounts in my name."
}

Chunk:
i've gotten numerous emails from " concora credit inc'' under the names of a few different cards, " destiny'' " xxxx xxxx'' " milestone'' " concora'', and on some they said i was given a credit card, enrolled in paperless statements, credit protection and the like, i called and told them i never applied, nor do i want a credit card from them. they claimed they would close the account and report " fraud''... then proceeded to send me several more emails claiming i requested to open more accounts. on none of them do they have my current address, but it seems they have my name and apparently my email address? i have asked them before and they keep sending me emails claiming to be attempting to open accounts without my consent. please help! i can forward some of the emails that i haven't yet deleted if necessary. i am concerned they will eventually do something worse than opening accounts and sending me emails, all of which is damaging my credit by them continuing to open accounts in my name.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996135830879211
}
