Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9046248,
  "complaint_id": "9046248",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "In XX/XX/XXXX, my Citibank Mastercard was subjected to fraudulent activity amounting to {$9600.00}. Despite promptly reporting the issue to Citibank in XXXX XXXX, taking extensive communication and providing all necessary evidence as per Citibank 's guidelines, the issue remained unresolved for an unreasonable amount of time. In a conversation with a Citibank representative in XXXX XXXX, I was informed that the transaction was not fraudulent, and purportedly, there was a screenshot indicating that I had made the payment online. Despite requesting a copy of this screenshot, it was never provided to me. Moreover, Citibank began charging monthly interest associated with the fraudulent amount to my account as early as XX/XX/XXXX. \n\nSubsequently, in early XXXX, I engaged the services of a local lawyer and enlisted the assistance of the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX to address the matter ( see attached document titled XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ' ). On XX/XX/XXXX, the district court in XXXX XXXX ruled the case as criminal ( see attached document titled 'HanLarryHemingwayLeeSummonsComplaintJudgment [ XXXX ] ' ). Despite providing Citibank with the XXXX 's document and the court 's ruling in early XXXX, it wasn't until XXXX XXXX that Citibank finally credited the fraudulently charged amount of {$9600.00} back to my account ( see attached file named XXXX ' ). However, the interest charges associated with the fraud remained in my account. Despite numerous calls and negotiations with Citibank, the interest charges were not addressed until XXXX XXXX, when Citibank partially credited the incorrect charges back to my account ( see attached file named XXXX ' ). It wasn't until XX/XX/XXXX that Citibank finally corrected their mistakes regarding the interest charges ( see attached file named XXXX ' ). \n\nThe failure of Citibank to promptly identify and address the fraudulent activity on my account, coupled with their initial disbelief of my claims and the subsequent erroneous interest charges, has caused significant inconvenience and financial strain. As a result, I have incurred substantial costs associated with legal fees, investigative services, and court proceedings ( see attached file named 'Cost list XXXX ' ). Per the terms of my credit card agreement ( see attached file named 'TermRule-Document ' ), these costs should rightfully be borne by Citibank.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "28412",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "In XX/XX/XXXX, my Citibank Mastercard was subjected to fraudulent activity amounting to {$9600.00}. Despite promptly reporting the issue to Citibank in XXXX XXXX, taking extensive communication and providing all necessary evidence as per Citibank 's guidelines, the issue remained unresolved for an unreasonable amount of time. In a conversation with a Citibank representative in XXXX XXXX, I was informed that the transaction was not fraudulent, and purportedly, there was a screenshot indicating that I had made the payment online. Despite requesting a copy of this screenshot, it was never provided to me. Moreover, Citibank began charging monthly interest associated with the fraudulent amount to my account as early as XX/XX/XXXX. \n\nSubsequently, in early XXXX, I engaged the services of a local lawyer and enlisted the assistance of the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX to address the matter ( see attached document titled XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ' ). On XX/XX/XXXX, the district court in XXXX XXXX ruled the case as criminal ( see attached document titled 'HanLarryHemingwayLeeSummonsComplaintJudgment [ XXXX ] ' ). Despite providing Citibank with the XXXX 's document and the court 's ruling in early XXXX, it wasn't until XXXX XXXX that Citibank finally credited the fraudulently charged amount of {$9600.00} back to my account ( see attached file named XXXX ' ). However, the interest charges associated with the fraud remained in my account. Despite numerous calls and negotiations with Citibank, the interest charges were not addressed until XXXX XXXX, when Citibank partially credited the incorrect charges back to my account ( see attached file named XXXX ' ). It wasn't until XX/XX/XXXX that Citibank finally corrected their mistakes regarding the interest charges ( see attached file named XXXX ' ). \n\nThe failure of Citibank to promptly identify and address the fraudulent activity on my account, coupled with their initial disbelief of my claims and the subsequent erroneous interest charges, has caused significant inconvenience and financial strain. As a result, I have incurred substantial costs associated with legal fees, investigative services, and court proceedings ( see attached file named 'Cost list XXXX ' ). Per the terms of my credit card agreement ( see attached file named 'TermRule-Document ' ), these costs should rightfully be borne by Citibank."
}

Chunk:
in xx / xx / xxxx, my citibank mastercard was subjected to fraudulent activity amounting to { $ 9600. 00 }. despite promptly reporting the issue to citibank in xxxx xxxx, taking extensive communication and providing all necessary evidence as per citibank's guidelines, the issue remained unresolved for an unreasonable amount of time. in a conversation with a citibank representative in xxxx xxxx, i was informed that the transaction was not fraudulent, and purportedly, there was a screenshot indicating that i had made the payment online. despite requesting a copy of this screenshot, it was never provided to me. moreover, citibank began charging monthly interest associated with the fraudulent amount to my account as early as xx / xx / xxxx. subsequently, in early xxxx, i engaged the services of a local lawyer and enlisted the assistance of the xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx to address the matter ( see attached document titled xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx'). on xx / xx / xxxx, the district court in xxxx xxxx ruled the case as criminal ( see attached document titled'hanlarryhemingwayleesummonscomplaintjudgment [ xxxx ]'). despite providing citibank with the xxxx's document and the court's ruling in early xxxx, it wasn't until xxxx xxxx that citibank finally credited the fraudulently charged amount of { $ 9600. 00 } back to my account ( see attached file named xxxx'). however, the interest charges associated with the fraud remained in my account. despite numerous calls and negotiations with citibank, the interest charges were not addressed until xxxx xxxx, when citibank partially credited the incorrect charges back to my account ( see attached file named xxxx'). it wasn't until xx / xx / xxxx that citibank finally corrected their mistakes regarding the interest charges ( see attached file named xxxx'). the failure of citibank to promptly identify and address the fraudulent activity on my account, coupled with their initial disbelief of my claims and the subsequent erroneous interest charges, has caused significant inconvenience and financial strain. as a result, i have incurred substantial costs associated with legal fees, investigative services, and court proceedings ( see attached file named'cost list xxxx'). per the terms of my credit card agreement ( see attached file named

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991425275802612
}
