Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9517483,
  "complaint_id": "9517483",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Customer Service Issues with Synchrony Bank XXXX Amazon Credit Card ). I am having with Synchrony Bank, the issuer of my Amazon credit card. \n\nI have recently encountered several problems that have made it impossible for me to manage my account effectively. These include : Inability to XXXX Customer Service : I have been unable to reach a representative by phone. \nChat Function Unavailable : The chat function on the Synchrony Bank website is also unavailable. \nPassword Reset Issues : I am unable to reset my password online, further hindering my access to account information. \nThis complete lack of communication is unacceptable. To make matters worse, despite these access issues, I have received a notification from Synchrony Bank indicating a late payment on my account. \n\nThis situation is incredibly frustrating and reflects poorly on both Amazon and Synchrony Bank. It is clear that Synchrony Bank is not providing the level of service expected by Amazon customers. \n\nI urge you to take immediate action to address these issues with Synchrony Bank. This includes ensuring : Readily available customer service representatives via phone and chat. \nFunctional online account management tools for password resets and other tasks. \nCommunication and support for customers experiencing account problems. \nA strong partnership requires reliable service from both parties. Synchrony Bank 's current performance is a significant detriment to the customer experience and damages Amazon 's reputation. \n\nThank you for your prompt attention to this critical matter. \n\nSincerely,",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "321XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-07-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't close your account",
  "text": "Customer Service Issues with Synchrony Bank XXXX Amazon Credit Card ). I am having with Synchrony Bank, the issuer of my Amazon credit card. \n\nI have recently encountered several problems that have made it impossible for me to manage my account effectively. These include : Inability to XXXX Customer Service : I have been unable to reach a representative by phone. \nChat Function Unavailable : The chat function on the Synchrony Bank website is also unavailable. \nPassword Reset Issues : I am unable to reset my password online, further hindering my access to account information. \nThis complete lack of communication is unacceptable. To make matters worse, despite these access issues, I have received a notification from Synchrony Bank indicating a late payment on my account. \n\nThis situation is incredibly frustrating and reflects poorly on both Amazon and Synchrony Bank. It is clear that Synchrony Bank is not providing the level of service expected by Amazon customers. \n\nI urge you to take immediate action to address these issues with Synchrony Bank. This includes ensuring : Readily available customer service representatives via phone and chat. \nFunctional online account management tools for password resets and other tasks. \nCommunication and support for customers experiencing account problems. \nA strong partnership requires reliable service from both parties. Synchrony Bank 's current performance is a significant detriment to the customer experience and damages Amazon 's reputation. \n\nThank you for your prompt attention to this critical matter. \n\nSincerely,"
}

Chunk:
customer service issues with synchrony bank xxxx amazon credit card ). i am having with synchrony bank, the issuer of my amazon credit card. i have recently encountered several problems that have made it impossible for me to manage my account effectively. these include : inability to xxxx customer service : i have been unable to reach a representative by phone. chat function unavailable : the chat function on the synchrony bank website is also unavailable. password reset issues : i am unable to reset my password online, further hindering my access to account information. this complete lack of communication is unacceptable. to make matters worse, despite these access issues, i have received a notification from synchrony bank indicating a late payment on my account. this situation is incredibly frustrating and reflects poorly on both amazon and synchrony bank. it is clear that synchrony bank is not providing the level of service expected by amazon customers. i urge you to take immediate action to address these issues with synchrony bank. this includes ensuring : readily available customer service representatives via phone and chat. functional online account management tools for password resets and other tasks. communication and support for customers experiencing account problems. a strong partnership requires reliable service from both parties. synchrony bank's current performance is a significant detriment to the customer experience and damages amazon's reputation. thank you for your prompt attention to this critical matter. sincerely,

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996685981750488
}
