Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9523400,
  "complaint_id": "9523400",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "This is my 4th complaint on this company that shouldnt exist. I havent received a promised paper statement since XXXX of 2024. The USPS also informed me no bill has been scanned in since that date. This company lied and said an agent reached out to confirm my address that is a lie. The company said an agent told me to wait 7 business days mind you this is after a payment was due. I am paying above the payment that I always pay of {$130.00} per month. The company forced me away from online payments because of a derogatory policy they have to punish people who want to leave their predatory company. So it is disgusting and delusional to think someone can pay what is due when they have no bill for 5 plus months! They refuse to provide the calculation for monthly payments because their penalty apr will be disclosed. They tell me to refer to my statement. I havent received a statement since XXXX. I have no emails in my junk mail, normal mail, nothing. I want this debt settled and off my credit report as they are falsely reporting it late because they are an XXXX  company. Only responses I get are automated and a lawyer cant even get a response from them.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33139",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Prosper Marketplace, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "You never received your bill or did not know a payment was due",
  "text": "This is my 4th complaint on this company that shouldnt exist. I havent received a promised paper statement since XXXX of 2024. The USPS also informed me no bill has been scanned in since that date. This company lied and said an agent reached out to confirm my address that is a lie. The company said an agent told me to wait 7 business days mind you this is after a payment was due. I am paying above the payment that I always pay of {$130.00} per month. The company forced me away from online payments because of a derogatory policy they have to punish people who want to leave their predatory company. So it is disgusting and delusional to think someone can pay what is due when they have no bill for 5 plus months! They refuse to provide the calculation for monthly payments because their penalty apr will be disclosed. They tell me to refer to my statement. I havent received a statement since XXXX. I have no emails in my junk mail, normal mail, nothing. I want this debt settled and off my credit report as they are falsely reporting it late because they are an XXXX  company. Only responses I get are automated and a lawyer cant even get a response from them."
}

Chunk:
this is my 4th complaint on this company that shouldnt exist. i havent received a promised paper statement since xxxx of 2024. the usps also informed me no bill has been scanned in since that date. this company lied and said an agent reached out to confirm my address that is a lie. the company said an agent told me to wait 7 business days mind you this is after a payment was due. i am paying above the payment that i always pay of { $ 130. 00 } per month. the company forced me away from online payments because of a derogatory policy they have to punish people who want to leave their predatory company. so it is disgusting and delusional to think someone can pay what is due when they have no bill for 5 plus months! they refuse to provide the calculation for monthly payments because their penalty apr will be disclosed. they tell me to refer to my statement. i havent received a statement since xxxx. i have no emails in my junk mail, normal mail, nothing. i want this debt settled and off my credit report as they are falsely reporting it late because they are an xxxx company. only responses i get are automated and a lawyer cant even get a response from them.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.99920254945755
}
