Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9167671,
  "complaint_id": "9167671",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I signed up for a Chase Plan, which is an interest saving promotion, late last year. With this plan you put a certain purchase on a no interest payment plan and owe a specific amount each month. When your statement is due each month you are to only pay what chase calls your interest saving balance which is any new charges plus your plan payment amount. I have been doing this each month while using the credit card regularly. However, this past month I had made a large purchase on my Chase credit card to try some clothing from a new brand ( an online retailer ), but 8 of the 10 items ordered got lost in the mail and didnt make it to me. The online retailer provided a refund to my Chase card ( the original form of payment ). Fast forward to my Chase statement rolling over for the month of XXXX and my Chase plan has disappeared. The customer service representative saw that my Chase Plan was removed from my account because the credit to my credit card from the online retailer was applied to the plan and not back toward my Online purchase. This credit wiped out my Chase Plan making my entire balance ( not just the interest saving balance ) due this month. Im unsure whether Chase is purposefully applying credits incorrectly as a predatory practice ( I would think the main function of a credit card and bank as a company are to ensure correct application of charges, credits, debits in their systemseems like basic accounting ) or if this was an honest mistake, but the representative I spoke with told me that Chases application of the online retailers credit to the Chase plan was irreversible. Had I known this I would have not used any Chase products to make purchases while I had the outstanding Chase plan. If this was an honest mistake I would expect Chase would fix their system to apply credits back to purchases outside of their Chase Plan items. I suspect this is not an honest mistake. The Plan was advertised as interest saving, but in the end was just a tricky cash grab.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "45458",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "I signed up for a Chase Plan, which is an interest saving promotion, late last year. With this plan you put a certain purchase on a no interest payment plan and owe a specific amount each month. When your statement is due each month you are to only pay what chase calls your interest saving balance which is any new charges plus your plan payment amount. I have been doing this each month while using the credit card regularly. However, this past month I had made a large purchase on my Chase credit card to try some clothing from a new brand ( an online retailer ), but 8 of the 10 items ordered got lost in the mail and didnt make it to me. The online retailer provided a refund to my Chase card ( the original form of payment ). Fast forward to my Chase statement rolling over for the month of XXXX and my Chase plan has disappeared. The customer service representative saw that my Chase Plan was removed from my account because the credit to my credit card from the online retailer was applied to the plan and not back toward my Online purchase. This credit wiped out my Chase Plan making my entire balance ( not just the interest saving balance ) due this month. Im unsure whether Chase is purposefully applying credits incorrectly as a predatory practice ( I would think the main function of a credit card and bank as a company are to ensure correct application of charges, credits, debits in their systemseems like basic accounting ) or if this was an honest mistake, but the representative I spoke with told me that Chases application of the online retailers credit to the Chase plan was irreversible. Had I known this I would have not used any Chase products to make purchases while I had the outstanding Chase plan. If this was an honest mistake I would expect Chase would fix their system to apply credits back to purchases outside of their Chase Plan items. I suspect this is not an honest mistake. The Plan was advertised as interest saving, but in the end was just a tricky cash grab."
}

Chunk:
i signed up for a chase plan, which is an interest saving promotion, late last year. with this plan you put a certain purchase on a no interest payment plan and owe a specific amount each month. when your statement is due each month you are to only pay what chase calls your interest saving balance which is any new charges plus your plan payment amount. i have been doing this each month while using the credit card regularly. however, this past month i had made a large purchase on my chase credit card to try some clothing from a new brand ( an online retailer ), but 8 of the 10 items ordered got lost in the mail and didnt make it to me. the online retailer provided a refund to my chase card ( the original form of payment ). fast forward to my chase statement rolling over for the month of xxxx and my chase plan has disappeared. the customer service representative saw that my chase plan was removed from my account because the credit to my credit card from the online retailer was applied to the plan and not back toward my online purchase. this credit wiped out my chase plan making my entire balance ( not just the interest saving balance ) due this month. im unsure whether chase is purposefully applying credits incorrectly as a predatory practice ( i would think the main function of a credit card and bank as a company are to ensure correct application of charges, credits, debits in their systemseems like basic accounting ) or if this was an honest mistake, but the representative i spoke with told me that chases application of the online retailers credit to the chase plan was irreversible. had i known this i would have not used any chase products to make purchases while i had the outstanding chase plan. if this was an honest mistake i would expect chase would fix their system to apply credits back to purchases outside of their chase plan items. i suspect this is not an honest mistake. the plan was advertised as interest saving, but in the end was just a tricky cash grab.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9997683167457581
}
