Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9051165,
  "complaint_id": "9051165",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I opened a Hilton American Express card XX/XX/XXXX to receive the promotional bonus of XXXX points on Hilton and a {$100.00} statement credit. I spent the requisite {$2000.00} in a couple months, paid off the card, and waited. No bonus appeared, so I contacted Hilton, and they said it's an American Express decision. I contacted American Express and they don't know why I did not receive the bonus, but it was denied to me for any variety of reasons, none of which makes any sense such as : 1. it's Hilton 's decision ( no, not true ) 2. I have a Delta SkyMiles American Express card ( opened in XXXX ) so I was denied bonus, but this is not procedure, so their reps don't know why 3 years later, I would be denied bonus as the products are not related, and are separated by 3 yrs.\n\n3. I should have seen a pop up window, while applying, that told me I was denied the bonus ( not true ) 4. I should have received an email saying I was denied bonus ( no, not true ) This is a switch and bait sales tactic. I have -- in my email -- a ton of offers from Hilton and American Express to open this new card to receive the bonus, clearly received after I opened the Delta SkyMiles card, that also promises American Express card holders that they can also open a Hilton American Express card, and receive this new bonus. I also have a XXXX XXXX XXXX, according to them, and I always pay my credit cards in full. \n\nAt this point in time, I have over a XXXX in credit owed to me by American Express on my Delta SkyMiles account that they've not offered to send me in check form. I wonder if that's the true reason ( although that makes XXXX sense ). So, what is American Express doing to consumers?",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "60540",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "I opened a Hilton American Express card XX/XX/XXXX to receive the promotional bonus of XXXX points on Hilton and a {$100.00} statement credit. I spent the requisite {$2000.00} in a couple months, paid off the card, and waited. No bonus appeared, so I contacted Hilton, and they said it's an American Express decision. I contacted American Express and they don't know why I did not receive the bonus, but it was denied to me for any variety of reasons, none of which makes any sense such as : 1. it's Hilton 's decision ( no, not true ) 2. I have a Delta SkyMiles American Express card ( opened in XXXX ) so I was denied bonus, but this is not procedure, so their reps don't know why 3 years later, I would be denied bonus as the products are not related, and are separated by 3 yrs.\n\n3. I should have seen a pop up window, while applying, that told me I was denied the bonus ( not true ) 4. I should have received an email saying I was denied bonus ( no, not true ) This is a switch and bait sales tactic. I have -- in my email -- a ton of offers from Hilton and American Express to open this new card to receive the bonus, clearly received after I opened the Delta SkyMiles card, that also promises American Express card holders that they can also open a Hilton American Express card, and receive this new bonus. I also have a XXXX XXXX XXXX, according to them, and I always pay my credit cards in full. \n\nAt this point in time, I have over a XXXX in credit owed to me by American Express on my Delta SkyMiles account that they've not offered to send me in check form. I wonder if that's the true reason ( although that makes XXXX sense ). So, what is American Express doing to consumers?"
}

Chunk:
i opened a hilton american express card xx / xx / xxxx to receive the promotional bonus of xxxx points on hilton and a { $ 100. 00 } statement credit. i spent the requisite { $ 2000. 00 } in a couple months, paid off the card, and waited. no bonus appeared, so i contacted hilton, and they said it's an american express decision. i contacted american express and they don't know why i did not receive the bonus, but it was denied to me for any variety of reasons, none of which makes any sense such as : 1. it's hilton's decision ( no, not true ) 2. i have a delta skymiles american express card ( opened in xxxx ) so i was denied bonus, but this is not procedure, so their reps don't know why 3 years later, i would be denied bonus as the products are not related, and are separated by 3 yrs. 3. i should have seen a pop up window, while applying, that told me i was denied the bonus ( not true ) 4. i should have received an email saying i was denied bonus ( no, not true ) this is a switch and bait sales tactic. i have - - in my email - - a ton of offers from hilton and american express to open this new card to receive the bonus, clearly received after i opened the delta skymiles card, that also promises american express card holders that they can also open a hilton american express card, and receive this new bonus. i also have a xxxx xxxx xxxx, according to them, and i always pay my credit cards in full. at this point in time, i have over a xxxx in credit owed to me by american express on my delta skymiles account that they've not offered to send me in check form. i wonder if that's the true reason ( although that makes xxxx sense ). so, what is american express doing to consumers?

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988210797309875
}
