Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9336414,
  "complaint_id": "9336414",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I received a letter to my home address asking for confidential information to be mailed to Celtic Bank ( serviced by Continental Finance Company ) so that my application could be completed. I never applied for or have heard of this card. I attempted to contact the bank and the credit card company and was not able to get through to anyone as I am not a customer. I am unable to use the reference number they provided to get through to customer service and the phone number provided on the Continental Finance Company website led to a help line who had not even heard of the XXXX XXXX or Continental Finance and Celtic Bank.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "20854",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Continental Finance Company, LLC",
  "date_received": "2024-06-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MD",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "I received a letter to my home address asking for confidential information to be mailed to Celtic Bank ( serviced by Continental Finance Company ) so that my application could be completed. I never applied for or have heard of this card. I attempted to contact the bank and the credit card company and was not able to get through to anyone as I am not a customer. I am unable to use the reference number they provided to get through to customer service and the phone number provided on the Continental Finance Company website led to a help line who had not even heard of the XXXX XXXX or Continental Finance and Celtic Bank."
}

Chunk:
i received a letter to my home address asking for confidential information to be mailed to celtic bank ( serviced by continental finance company ) so that my application could be completed. i never applied for or have heard of this card. i attempted to contact the bank and the credit card company and was not able to get through to anyone as i am not a customer. i am unable to use the reference number they provided to get through to customer service and the phone number provided on the continental finance company website led to a help line who had not even heard of the xxxx xxxx or continental finance and celtic bank.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996402263641357
}
