Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9169842,
  "complaint_id": "9169842",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I applied to open a credit card with Wells Fargo due to an advertisement with their partner, XXXX. I contacted Wells Fargo to close the account by phone call later that day, because the partner did not offer the services advertised, and I was not notified of XXXX not providing the offered services until I had already opened the credit card. When I contacted Wells Fargo, they refused to close the account because it was too new, and they needed 5-7 business days before they were willing to close the account. They refused to close the account when they were first able to, and instead insisted that I call back and close the account, rather than them closing the now unauthorized account. Their customer service was belligerent and rude after XXXX escalations, and refused to close the account.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "02143",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't close your account",
  "text": "I applied to open a credit card with Wells Fargo due to an advertisement with their partner, XXXX. I contacted Wells Fargo to close the account by phone call later that day, because the partner did not offer the services advertised, and I was not notified of XXXX not providing the offered services until I had already opened the credit card. When I contacted Wells Fargo, they refused to close the account because it was too new, and they needed 5-7 business days before they were willing to close the account. They refused to close the account when they were first able to, and instead insisted that I call back and close the account, rather than them closing the now unauthorized account. Their customer service was belligerent and rude after XXXX escalations, and refused to close the account."
}

Chunk:
i applied to open a credit card with wells fargo due to an advertisement with their partner, xxxx. i contacted wells fargo to close the account by phone call later that day, because the partner did not offer the services advertised, and i was not notified of xxxx not providing the offered services until i had already opened the credit card. when i contacted wells fargo, they refused to close the account because it was too new, and they needed 5 - 7 business days before they were willing to close the account. they refused to close the account when they were first able to, and instead insisted that i call back and close the account, rather than them closing the now unauthorized account. their customer service was belligerent and rude after xxxx escalations, and refused to close the account.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995347261428833
}
