Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9301349,
  "complaint_id": "9301349",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX issues credit cards through Continental Finance Company ; I have two cards with them ( Verve and Cerulean ). I obtained these cards to help build my credit. My credit is now very good and these high interest/fee cards are no longer needed or wanted. I have tried to close both accounts multiple times in the last XXXX months by calling the Customer Service number provided on the back of the card and online, but there is no way to reach a customer service representative to discuss any card issues, even though it says \" this call may be monitored or recorded '' - it's all automated and there's no Customer Service involved. They have now increased the interest rate to XXXX % ( which is insane ) AND annual fees nearly doubled to {$150.00}. \nI don't trust mailing in the request as I've seen reviews where folks have had issues with accounts thinking they were closed and they were in fact not closed and fees were charged without their knowledge, rang up late fees because of fees and then reports to the credit reporting companies. This is plain and simple abuse of the system and the consumer for financial gain ; making it as difficult and nearly impossible to close an account is again, an abuse of the system and the consumer and should be illegal. \nThe second issue is providing a phone number and calling it a customer service number, where you can't reach anyone, again contributes to the abuse of the system and the consumer for a financial gain. AND FOR A SECOND TIME I'LL say, this type of financial predatory behavior should be illegal. \nI will write to the address provided and have it tracked by USPS for delivery, but ALL I WANT TO DO IS CANCEL THE ACCOUNTS. IT SHOULDN'T BE THIS DIFFICULT!",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "40299",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Continental Finance Company, LLC",
  "date_received": "2024-06-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "KY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't close your account",
  "text": "XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX issues credit cards through Continental Finance Company ; I have two cards with them ( Verve and Cerulean ). I obtained these cards to help build my credit. My credit is now very good and these high interest/fee cards are no longer needed or wanted. I have tried to close both accounts multiple times in the last XXXX months by calling the Customer Service number provided on the back of the card and online, but there is no way to reach a customer service representative to discuss any card issues, even though it says \" this call may be monitored or recorded '' - it's all automated and there's no Customer Service involved. They have now increased the interest rate to XXXX % ( which is insane ) AND annual fees nearly doubled to {$150.00}. \nI don't trust mailing in the request as I've seen reviews where folks have had issues with accounts thinking they were closed and they were in fact not closed and fees were charged without their knowledge, rang up late fees because of fees and then reports to the credit reporting companies. This is plain and simple abuse of the system and the consumer for financial gain ; making it as difficult and nearly impossible to close an account is again, an abuse of the system and the consumer and should be illegal. \nThe second issue is providing a phone number and calling it a customer service number, where you can't reach anyone, again contributes to the abuse of the system and the consumer for a financial gain. AND FOR A SECOND TIME I'LL say, this type of financial predatory behavior should be illegal. \nI will write to the address provided and have it tracked by USPS for delivery, but ALL I WANT TO DO IS CANCEL THE ACCOUNTS. IT SHOULDN'T BE THIS DIFFICULT!"
}

Chunk:
xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx issues credit cards through continental finance company ; i have two cards with them ( verve and cerulean ). i obtained these cards to help build my credit. my credit is now very good and these high interest / fee cards are no longer needed or wanted. i have tried to close both accounts multiple times in the last xxxx months by calling the customer service number provided on the back of the card and online, but there is no way to reach a customer service representative to discuss any card issues, even though it says " this call may be monitored or recorded'' - it's all automated and there's no customer service involved. they have now increased the interest rate to xxxx % ( which is insane ) and annual fees nearly doubled to { $ 150. 00 }. i don't trust mailing in the request as i've seen reviews where folks have had issues with accounts thinking they were closed and they were in fact not closed and fees were charged without their knowledge, rang up late fees because of fees and then reports to the credit reporting companies. this is plain and simple abuse of the system and the consumer for financial gain ; making it as difficult and nearly impossible to close an account is again, an abuse of the system and the consumer and should be illegal. the second issue is providing a phone number and calling it a customer service number, where you can't reach anyone, again contributes to the abuse of the system and the consumer for a financial gain. and for a second time i'll say, this type of financial predatory behavior should be illegal. i will write to the address provided and have it tracked by usps for delivery, but all i want to do is cancel the accounts. it shouldn't be this difficult!

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995431900024414
}
