Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9276723,
  "complaint_id": "9276723",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I had a XXXX salesperson come to my door. He was very aggressive and intimidated me. I told him i was not interested in his product. He would not take no for an answer. I am a young adult that was pressured into a transaction. He then told me that I had a two month grace period. If I wanted to terminate my contract I could within that two months. That was not true, I called the salesperson and he said you signed it and youre stuck with it. I consulted a lawyer and was told to return all the equipment to the address on the contract and require a signature. I did and received correspondence from XXXX saying my account has been terminated, but I am still liable for payment for 5 years. They use Fortiva Financial to finance the equipment. Fortiva says that XXXX hasnt notified them that the equipment was returned and the charge stands. How do I get Fortiva and XXXX to credit my account and not hurt my credit score.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "88101",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Atlanticus Services Corporation",
  "date_received": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NM",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "I had a XXXX salesperson come to my door. He was very aggressive and intimidated me. I told him i was not interested in his product. He would not take no for an answer. I am a young adult that was pressured into a transaction. He then told me that I had a two month grace period. If I wanted to terminate my contract I could within that two months. That was not true, I called the salesperson and he said you signed it and youre stuck with it. I consulted a lawyer and was told to return all the equipment to the address on the contract and require a signature. I did and received correspondence from XXXX saying my account has been terminated, but I am still liable for payment for 5 years. They use Fortiva Financial to finance the equipment. Fortiva says that XXXX hasnt notified them that the equipment was returned and the charge stands. How do I get Fortiva and XXXX to credit my account and not hurt my credit score."
}

Chunk:
i had a xxxx salesperson come to my door. he was very aggressive and intimidated me. i told him i was not interested in his product. he would not take no for an answer. i am a young adult that was pressured into a transaction. he then told me that i had a two month grace period. if i wanted to terminate my contract i could within that two months. that was not true, i called the salesperson and he said you signed it and youre stuck with it. i consulted a lawyer and was told to return all the equipment to the address on the contract and require a signature. i did and received correspondence from xxxx saying my account has been terminated, but i am still liable for payment for 5 years. they use fortiva financial to finance the equipment. fortiva says that xxxx hasnt notified them that the equipment was returned and the charge stands. how do i get fortiva and xxxx to credit my account and not hurt my credit score.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9972323775291443
}
