Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9078550,
  "complaint_id": "9078550",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX when calling, again, to resolve the outstanding balance, I was transferred to another service department. After the transfer, I was told that I had insurance in place for my account which is referred to as Account XXXX. Then given a an XXXX number to call, XXXX. When I called that number, a woman named XXXX answered and told me that the account did, in fact, have account assure in place. She then proceeded to ask me very detailed information regarding the issues regarding payment, medical information, employment, periods of unemployment, and a history of the last several months or when any of these issues would have started. AFTER giving her this information, the woman then said, no, you dont have this service on your account and it was removed in XXXX of XXXX. \n\nWhen calling back to get the balance due and resolve the problems with the account, the excessive fees associated with the account because of the account assure not being applied to the account in XXXX of XXXX - I was hung up on several times.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX when calling, again, to resolve the outstanding balance, I was transferred to another service department. After the transfer, I was told that I had insurance in place for my account which is referred to as Account XXXX. Then given a an XXXX number to call, XXXX. When I called that number, a woman named XXXX answered and told me that the account did, in fact, have account assure in place. She then proceeded to ask me very detailed information regarding the issues regarding payment, medical information, employment, periods of unemployment, and a history of the last several months or when any of these issues would have started. AFTER giving her this information, the woman then said, no, you dont have this service on your account and it was removed in XXXX of XXXX. \n\nWhen calling back to get the balance due and resolve the problems with the account, the excessive fees associated with the account because of the account assure not being applied to the account in XXXX of XXXX - I was hung up on several times."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx when calling, again, to resolve the outstanding balance, i was transferred to another service department. after the transfer, i was told that i had insurance in place for my account which is referred to as account xxxx. then given a an xxxx number to call, xxxx. when i called that number, a woman named xxxx answered and told me that the account did, in fact, have account assure in place. she then proceeded to ask me very detailed information regarding the issues regarding payment, medical information, employment, periods of unemployment, and a history of the last several months or when any of these issues would have started. after giving her this information, the woman then said, no, you dont have this service on your account and it was removed in xxxx of xxxx. when calling back to get the balance due and resolve the problems with the account, the excessive fees associated with the account because of the account assure not being applied to the account in xxxx of xxxx - i was hung up on several times.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991965889930725
}
