Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9153015,
  "complaint_id": "9153015",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  I made a reservation with XXXX  for a hotel that cost XXXX and change for a four days stay in NJ. I NEVER received any reservations and I had called them but it turned out that XXXX wanted to still steal from me because they had asked me to get two gift cards with XXXX each and send to them in order to resolve the reservation issue and I then realized that they were trying to get my money again. \nI contacted chase credit card immediately and disputed the amount but chase told me that XXXX said that I didnt use the service and they had a non refundable policy. \nI asked my credit card company to please ask XXXXXXXX to send me the reservation email that was sent me upon booking the hotel. \nThey have closed the dispute and I feel that they are siding more with XXXX on this issue and not considering their customer ( me ) in this case. I want the matter to be looked at and resolved immediately. \n\nThanks so much.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "015XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "On XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  I made a reservation with XXXX  for a hotel that cost XXXX and change for a four days stay in NJ. I NEVER received any reservations and I had called them but it turned out that XXXX wanted to still steal from me because they had asked me to get two gift cards with XXXX each and send to them in order to resolve the reservation issue and I then realized that they were trying to get my money again. \nI contacted chase credit card immediately and disputed the amount but chase told me that XXXX said that I didnt use the service and they had a non refundable policy. \nI asked my credit card company to please ask XXXXXXXX to send me the reservation email that was sent me upon booking the hotel. \nThey have closed the dispute and I feel that they are siding more with XXXX on this issue and not considering their customer ( me ) in this case. I want the matter to be looked at and resolved immediately. \n\nThanks so much."
}

Chunk:
on xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx i made a reservation with xxxx for a hotel that cost xxxx and change for a four days stay in nj. i never received any reservations and i had called them but it turned out that xxxx wanted to still steal from me because they had asked me to get two gift cards with xxxx each and send to them in order to resolve the reservation issue and i then realized that they were trying to get my money again. i contacted chase credit card immediately and disputed the amount but chase told me that xxxx said that i didnt use the service and they had a non refundable policy. i asked my credit card company to please ask xxxxxxxx to send me the reservation email that was sent me upon booking the hotel. they have closed the dispute and i feel that they are siding more with xxxx on this issue and not considering their customer ( me ) in this case. i want the matter to be looked at and resolved immediately. thanks so much.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9829968214035034
}
