Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9645468,
  "complaint_id": "9645468",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to formally dispute the accuracy of several items on my credit report. I have identified multiple errors that I believe have significantly and unjustly impacted my credit score. Below, I provide a detailed account of the specific disputes : Firstly, I have noticed a hard inquiry on my credit report that I did not authorize. According to 15 U.S. Code 1681b - Permissible purposes of consumer reports, a consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report only under specific circumstances and with the written consent of the consumer. I did not provide written consent for this inquiry, and therefore, it should be removed from my report immediately. Secondly, there are inaccuracies related to my federal student loan account serviced by XXXX. Under the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. ), loan servicers are required to provide accurate information. The errors on my account violate this requirement. I had no knowledge of this debt, and I request a thorough investigation and correction of this information. Thirdly, I have identified negative accounts, statements, and other negative information on my credit report that I had no knowledge of and did not authorize. These inaccuracies should be removed immediately as they unjustly affect my credit score. In addition to the aforementioned disputes, I am a victim of identity theft. Under 15 U.S. Code 1681c-2, a consumer reporting agency is required to block the reporting of any information in the file of a consumer that the consumer identifies as resulting from identity theft within four business days of receiving notification. It has been over 30 days since I notified you, and you are in violation of this law. The following items should be deleted immediately as they were not authorized by me and are a result of identity theft : [ List of accounts/items ] Furthermore, there are unauthorized charges on my existing credit card account that I had no knowledge of. According to the Fair Credit Billing Act ( 15 U.S.C. 1666 ), consumers have the right to dispute billing errors on their credit accounts. I request that you investigate and correct these errors immediately. I have not been provided proof of the alleged debts in question. Under the doctrine of estoppel by silence, Engelhardt v. Gravens ( MO ) 281 SW 715,719, I presume that no proof exists, and therefore, the debts should be considered invalid and removed from my credit report. Additionally, if these issues are not resolved satisfactorily, I may consider filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( Public Law 111-203 ). I request that you investigate these matters and correct the inaccuracies on my credit report as soon as possible. Please provide written confirmation of your findings and the actions you have taken to resolve these disputes.. 15 U.S. Code $ 1681c-2 a consumer reporting agency shall block the reporting of any information in the file of a consumer that the consumer identifies as information that resulted from an alleged identity theft, not later than 4 business days after the date of receipt. It has been 30 days and you are in VIOLATION of this law because I am a victim of identity theft!! Please delete these items IMMEDIATELY! These accounts should not be furnished on my consumer report as they are in VIOLATION!!! Under, 15 U.S Code 1681b - Permissible purposes of consumer reports ( a ) IN GENERAL Subject to subsection ( c ) any consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report under the following circumstances and no other : ( 2 ) In accordance with the WRITTEN INSTRUCTION of the consumer to whom it relates. | NEVER gave any consumer reporting agency WRITTEN CONSENT to report anything on my consumer report which violates my rights as a federal protected consumer. NO CONSENT IS IDENTITY THEFT. As a consumer I am demanding the deletion of the accounts listed IMMEDIATELY!",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "33309",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Army and Air Force Exchange Service",
  "date_received": "2024-07-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I am writing to formally dispute the accuracy of several items on my credit report. I have identified multiple errors that I believe have significantly and unjustly impacted my credit score. Below, I provide a detailed account of the specific disputes : Firstly, I have noticed a hard inquiry on my credit report that I did not authorize. According to 15 U.S. Code 1681b - Permissible purposes of consumer reports, a consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report only under specific circumstances and with the written consent of the consumer. I did not provide written consent for this inquiry, and therefore, it should be removed from my report immediately. Secondly, there are inaccuracies related to my federal student loan account serviced by XXXX. Under the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. ), loan servicers are required to provide accurate information. The errors on my account violate this requirement. I had no knowledge of this debt, and I request a thorough investigation and correction of this information. Thirdly, I have identified negative accounts, statements, and other negative information on my credit report that I had no knowledge of and did not authorize. These inaccuracies should be removed immediately as they unjustly affect my credit score. In addition to the aforementioned disputes, I am a victim of identity theft. Under 15 U.S. Code 1681c-2, a consumer reporting agency is required to block the reporting of any information in the file of a consumer that the consumer identifies as resulting from identity theft within four business days of receiving notification. It has been over 30 days since I notified you, and you are in violation of this law. The following items should be deleted immediately as they were not authorized by me and are a result of identity theft : [ List of accounts/items ] Furthermore, there are unauthorized charges on my existing credit card account that I had no knowledge of. According to the Fair Credit Billing Act ( 15 U.S.C. 1666 ), consumers have the right to dispute billing errors on their credit accounts. I request that you investigate and correct these errors immediately. I have not been provided proof of the alleged debts in question. Under the doctrine of estoppel by silence, Engelhardt v. Gravens ( MO ) 281 SW 715,719, I presume that no proof exists, and therefore, the debts should be considered invalid and removed from my credit report. Additionally, if these issues are not resolved satisfactorily, I may consider filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( Public Law 111-203 ). I request that you investigate these matters and correct the inaccuracies on my credit report as soon as possible. Please provide written confirmation of your findings and the actions you have taken to resolve these disputes.. 15 U.S. Code $ 1681c-2 a consumer reporting agency shall block the reporting of any information in the file of a consumer that the consumer identifies as information that resulted from an alleged identity theft, not later than 4 business days after the date of receipt. It has been 30 days and you are in VIOLATION of this law because I am a victim of identity theft!! Please delete these items IMMEDIATELY! These accounts should not be furnished on my consumer report as they are in VIOLATION!!! Under, 15 U.S Code 1681b - Permissible purposes of consumer reports ( a ) IN GENERAL Subject to subsection ( c ) any consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report under the following circumstances and no other : ( 2 ) In accordance with the WRITTEN INSTRUCTION of the consumer to whom it relates. | NEVER gave any consumer reporting agency WRITTEN CONSENT to report anything on my consumer report which violates my rights as a federal protected consumer. NO CONSENT IS IDENTITY THEFT. As a consumer I am demanding the deletion of the accounts listed IMMEDIATELY!"
}

Chunk:
i am writing to formally dispute the accuracy of several items on my credit report. i have identified multiple errors that i believe have significantly and unjustly impacted my credit score. below, i provide a detailed account of the specific disputes : firstly, i have noticed a hard inquiry on my credit report that i did not authorize. according to 15 u. s. code 1681b - permissible purposes of consumer reports, a consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report only under specific circumstances and with the written consent of the consumer. i did not provide written consent for this inquiry, and therefore, it should be removed from my report immediately. secondly, there are inaccuracies related to my federal student loan account serviced by xxxx. under the higher education act of 1965 ( 20 u. s. c. 1001 et seq. ), loan servicers are required to provide accurate information. the errors on my account violate this requirement. i had no knowledge of this debt, and i request a thorough investigation and correction of this information. thirdly, i have identified negative accounts, statements, and other negative information on my credit report that i had no knowledge of and did not authorize. these inaccuracies should be removed immediately as they unjustly affect my credit score. in addition to the aforementioned disputes, i am a victim of identity theft. under 15 u. s. code 1681c - 2, a consumer reporting agency is required to block the reporting of any information in the file of a consumer that the consumer identifies as resulting from identity theft within four business days of receiving notification. it has been over 30 days since i notified you, and you are in violation of this law. the following items should be deleted immediately as they were not authorized by me and are a result of identity theft : [ list of accounts / items ] furthermore, there are unauthorized charges on my existing credit card account that i had no knowledge of. according to the fair credit billing act ( 15 u. s. c. 1666 ), consumers have the right to dispute billing errors on their credit accounts. i request that you investigate and correct these errors immediately. i have not been provided proof of the alleged debts in question. under the doctrine of estoppel by silence, engelhardt v. gravens ( mo ) 281 sw 715, 719, i presume that no proof exists, and therefore, the debts should be considered invalid and removed from my credit report. additionally, if these issues are not resolved satis

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999346911907196
}
