Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9382109,
  "complaint_id": "9382109",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I received a digital letter from Synchrony Bank about my Lowe 's Credit Card account closure. Synchrony Bank shows that my credit score dropped below XXXX on XXXX and reason for this account closure. I immediately checked my XXXX credit report for my current and past scores. XXXX never shows my credit score dropping below XXXX at any point. I then contacted Synchrony Bank about the closure of my Lowe 's account. Synchrony Bank insisted that I contact XXXX about the inaccurate information reported. I explained to Synchrony Bank that I had just checked my XXXX report before contacting them. I explained that XXXX never reported my credit score dropping below XXXX ever. Synchrony Bank closed my Lowe 's account under false pretense. To further validate this to be false pretense, Synchrony Bank just approved me for {$3000.00} credit line with XXXX on XXXX. Synchrony Bank claims that on XXXX my XXXX score dropped below XXXX and the reason for closing my Lowe 's account. This is absolutely false and unfair information used to close my Lowe 's account. I asked that my account be reopened due to false information for account closure. Synchrony Bank said the account can't be reopened after it's been closed. I have never been late on any of my payments, nor have I missed any payments on this account since opening this credit line.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "36067",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "I received a digital letter from Synchrony Bank about my Lowe 's Credit Card account closure. Synchrony Bank shows that my credit score dropped below XXXX on XXXX and reason for this account closure. I immediately checked my XXXX credit report for my current and past scores. XXXX never shows my credit score dropping below XXXX at any point. I then contacted Synchrony Bank about the closure of my Lowe 's account. Synchrony Bank insisted that I contact XXXX about the inaccurate information reported. I explained to Synchrony Bank that I had just checked my XXXX report before contacting them. I explained that XXXX never reported my credit score dropping below XXXX ever. Synchrony Bank closed my Lowe 's account under false pretense. To further validate this to be false pretense, Synchrony Bank just approved me for {$3000.00} credit line with XXXX on XXXX. Synchrony Bank claims that on XXXX my XXXX score dropped below XXXX and the reason for closing my Lowe 's account. This is absolutely false and unfair information used to close my Lowe 's account. I asked that my account be reopened due to false information for account closure. Synchrony Bank said the account can't be reopened after it's been closed. I have never been late on any of my payments, nor have I missed any payments on this account since opening this credit line."
}

Chunk:
i received a digital letter from synchrony bank about my lowe's credit card account closure. synchrony bank shows that my credit score dropped below xxxx on xxxx and reason for this account closure. i immediately checked my xxxx credit report for my current and past scores. xxxx never shows my credit score dropping below xxxx at any point. i then contacted synchrony bank about the closure of my lowe's account. synchrony bank insisted that i contact xxxx about the inaccurate information reported. i explained to synchrony bank that i had just checked my xxxx report before contacting them. i explained that xxxx never reported my credit score dropping below xxxx ever. synchrony bank closed my lowe's account under false pretense. to further validate this to be false pretense, synchrony bank just approved me for { $ 3000. 00 } credit line with xxxx on xxxx. synchrony bank claims that on xxxx my xxxx score dropped below xxxx and the reason for closing my lowe's account. this is absolutely false and unfair information used to close my lowe's account. i asked that my account be reopened due to false information for account closure. synchrony bank said the account can't be reopened after it's been closed. i have never been late on any of my payments, nor have i missed any payments on this account since opening this credit line.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993164539337158
}
