Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9573256,
  "complaint_id": "9573256",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I had a natural disaster in XXXX Texas and no lights for over 13 days. After I regained electricity I called citi bank Home Depot credit card service and was advised That I would be enrolled in a XXXX disaster relief program and that it would defer my payments and keep y as count from defaulting. I was also apprised that it would not impact my credit limit. I would also not be receiving collection calls. The following Saturday on XXXX XXXX I received a debt collection call and was told my credit limit was dropped. I now can longer afford windows to put them on my credit card my credit limit went from XXXX to XXXX and now this will impact my credit score and place me at risk for my other card to drop as well. The rep explained. To me the system did not update and it triggered that credit limit decrease.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Their investigation did not fix an error on your report",
  "text": "I had a natural disaster in XXXX Texas and no lights for over 13 days. After I regained electricity I called citi bank Home Depot credit card service and was advised That I would be enrolled in a XXXX disaster relief program and that it would defer my payments and keep y as count from defaulting. I was also apprised that it would not impact my credit limit. I would also not be receiving collection calls. The following Saturday on XXXX XXXX I received a debt collection call and was told my credit limit was dropped. I now can longer afford windows to put them on my credit card my credit limit went from XXXX to XXXX and now this will impact my credit score and place me at risk for my other card to drop as well. The rep explained. To me the system did not update and it triggered that credit limit decrease."
}

Chunk:
i had a natural disaster in xxxx texas and no lights for over 13 days. after i regained electricity i called citi bank home depot credit card service and was advised that i would be enrolled in a xxxx disaster relief program and that it would defer my payments and keep y as count from defaulting. i was also apprised that it would not impact my credit limit. i would also not be receiving collection calls. the following saturday on xxxx xxxx i received a debt collection call and was told my credit limit was dropped. i now can longer afford windows to put them on my credit card my credit limit went from xxxx to xxxx and now this will impact my credit score and place me at risk for my other card to drop as well. the rep explained. to me the system did not update and it triggered that credit limit decrease.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999085545539856
}
