Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9120108,
  "complaint_id": "9120108",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Capital One credit card failed uphold a dispute I submitted and offered me 2 weeks to submit additional documents. After just 1 day, they said they closed my dispute saying I did not submit supporting documents.\n\nMore importantly, it is clear that I did not receive the service in question and there is no basis for Capital One to deny my dispute. Should the merchant wish to pursue the matter civilly, that is their choice and the matter will be brought before a trier of fact, rather than the Capital One customer dispute agent that is trying this case based on limited information.\n\nCapital One must honor the dispute as described and allow the merchant and I to reach a resolution, mutually or through arbitration, but either way Capital One can not make me pay for a service I did not receive.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "89147",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NV",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Capital One credit card failed uphold a dispute I submitted and offered me 2 weeks to submit additional documents. After just 1 day, they said they closed my dispute saying I did not submit supporting documents.\n\nMore importantly, it is clear that I did not receive the service in question and there is no basis for Capital One to deny my dispute. Should the merchant wish to pursue the matter civilly, that is their choice and the matter will be brought before a trier of fact, rather than the Capital One customer dispute agent that is trying this case based on limited information.\n\nCapital One must honor the dispute as described and allow the merchant and I to reach a resolution, mutually or through arbitration, but either way Capital One can not make me pay for a service I did not receive."
}

Chunk:
capital one credit card failed uphold a dispute i submitted and offered me 2 weeks to submit additional documents. after just 1 day, they said they closed my dispute saying i did not submit supporting documents. more importantly, it is clear that i did not receive the service in question and there is no basis for capital one to deny my dispute. should the merchant wish to pursue the matter civilly, that is their choice and the matter will be brought before a trier of fact, rather than the capital one customer dispute agent that is trying this case based on limited information. capital one must honor the dispute as described and allow the merchant and i to reach a resolution, mutually or through arbitration, but either way capital one can not make me pay for a service i did not receive.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9960973858833313
}
