Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9331738,
  "complaint_id": "9331738",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "In 2014, a federal government-backed debt security was used to acquire a {$970.00} line of credit for the trust estate in discussion. Without the consideration of the trust estate, PAYPAL HOLDINGS INC. presumed equitable interest, initiating a breach of fiduciary duties since the federal public security number owned by the Social Security Administration, a United States federal agency, was used to regulate the account. Through the oversight of material facts, PAYPAL HOLDINGS INC. has neglected their official capacity, committing the offense of embezzlement of federal funds, initiating damages. A Notice of Rescission of Equitable Rights was sent to PAYPAL HOLDINGS INC. with no response as of yet. PAYPAL HOLDINGS INC 's omission of material facts has caused them to devise a scheme to defraud, using the United States Postal Service for the purpose of executing this scheme.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "60453",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "In 2014, a federal government-backed debt security was used to acquire a {$970.00} line of credit for the trust estate in discussion. Without the consideration of the trust estate, PAYPAL HOLDINGS INC. presumed equitable interest, initiating a breach of fiduciary duties since the federal public security number owned by the Social Security Administration, a United States federal agency, was used to regulate the account. Through the oversight of material facts, PAYPAL HOLDINGS INC. has neglected their official capacity, committing the offense of embezzlement of federal funds, initiating damages. A Notice of Rescission of Equitable Rights was sent to PAYPAL HOLDINGS INC. with no response as of yet. PAYPAL HOLDINGS INC 's omission of material facts has caused them to devise a scheme to defraud, using the United States Postal Service for the purpose of executing this scheme."
}

Chunk:
in 2014, a federal government - backed debt security was used to acquire a { $ 970. 00 } line of credit for the trust estate in discussion. without the consideration of the trust estate, paypal holdings inc. presumed equitable interest, initiating a breach of fiduciary duties since the federal public security number owned by the social security administration, a united states federal agency, was used to regulate the account. through the oversight of material facts, paypal holdings inc. has neglected their official capacity, committing the offense of embezzlement of federal funds, initiating damages. a notice of rescission of equitable rights was sent to paypal holdings inc. with no response as of yet. paypal holdings inc's omission of material facts has caused them to devise a scheme to defraud, using the united states postal service for the purpose of executing this scheme.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995521903038025
}
