Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9253785,
  "complaint_id": "9253785",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX I called Aspire credit card to report my brothers death on his account. I also have an account with Aspire that is completely separate from his. They took the information and it was put on my account. I tried to use my card in XXXX or XXXX and it was declined. I called and was told that they received a notice from the SSA that there was a problem with my social security number, and that I was reported as deceased. I explained that I am not deceased, and that I called to report my brothers death. I was told that I had to get a letter from social security. I contacted social security and was told that there were no issues with my social number, and that there was no documentation that I could get since there were no issues. \n\nI called the Fraud department back and was told that I had to send them a copy of my drivers license, social security card, selfie and proof of my address. I emailed the information to the Fraud dept. an XX/XX/XXXX. I never heard anything back. I sent an email asking for an update on XX/XX/XXXX and received no response. On XX/XX/XXXX I received a phone call stating that I had to send another selfie. I emailed that on XX/XX/XXXX, again no response. In the meantime, my account was at a XXXX balance since XX/XX/XXXX, but they were assessing charges that I was unable to pay either through the app, or on the phone with customer service. \n\nThey sent my account to collections, and begin reporting me for non-payment to the credit bureaus, which caused my credit to take a hit of at least XXXX points. On XX/XX/XXXX, I called again and spoke to someone in fraud named XXXX, who clearly saw what happened. Based on his statements, the information noted to the account was incorrect. He said that \" someone called to report my death. '' I explained to him that that someone was me calling to report my brothers death on his account. \n\nHe took his time and reviewed my account, and explained to me that they would reverse all of the charges, since they were erroneous, and made while my account was suspended and closed. He stated that he saw the error that was made on their part with the reporting. He also stated that he saw that my account was not past due as they were reporting, and he took time to listen to different phone calls. He also said that he was escalating it and that I would receive a letter in the mail in the next 30 days that would show that they have made the necessary corrections with the credit bureaus. I never received that letter, and when I called again to follow-up again last week, I was transferred around to be told that they would submit something to the credit bureaus, but they could not reopen my account. I was told that someone would contact me from XXXX, but no one ever did. \n\nI called back to day to follow-up again, and I was told that they will not reopen my credit card due to non-payment. Even though it was determined that there was nothing for me to pay due to their errors. It was determined on XX/XX/XXXX that ALL of the charges were erroneous and they were removed from my account. I am now being told that the charges were charged off. I was told today ( XXXX ) that a letter was sent to all XXXX credit bureaus on XX/XX/XXXX, but they will not tell me what was in the letter, and they said that I am not entitled to a copy. \n\nI believe that they said that my account was closed in XXXX, yet they are continuing to asses charges. A credit was made last week when I called, because they were still assessing charges. I have worked really hard on restoring my credit from beyond bad to over XXXX in an effort to purchase a home, and this has ruined it.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "731XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Atlanticus Services Corporation",
  "date_received": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OK",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX I called Aspire credit card to report my brothers death on his account. I also have an account with Aspire that is completely separate from his. They took the information and it was put on my account. I tried to use my card in XXXX or XXXX and it was declined. I called and was told that they received a notice from the SSA that there was a problem with my social security number, and that I was reported as deceased. I explained that I am not deceased, and that I called to report my brothers death. I was told that I had to get a letter from social security. I contacted social security and was told that there were no issues with my social number, and that there was no documentation that I could get since there were no issues. \n\nI called the Fraud department back and was told that I had to send them a copy of my drivers license, social security card, selfie and proof of my address. I emailed the information to the Fraud dept. an XX/XX/XXXX. I never heard anything back. I sent an email asking for an update on XX/XX/XXXX and received no response. On XX/XX/XXXX I received a phone call stating that I had to send another selfie. I emailed that on XX/XX/XXXX, again no response. In the meantime, my account was at a XXXX balance since XX/XX/XXXX, but they were assessing charges that I was unable to pay either through the app, or on the phone with customer service. \n\nThey sent my account to collections, and begin reporting me for non-payment to the credit bureaus, which caused my credit to take a hit of at least XXXX points. On XX/XX/XXXX, I called again and spoke to someone in fraud named XXXX, who clearly saw what happened. Based on his statements, the information noted to the account was incorrect. He said that \" someone called to report my death. '' I explained to him that that someone was me calling to report my brothers death on his account. \n\nHe took his time and reviewed my account, and explained to me that they would reverse all of the charges, since they were erroneous, and made while my account was suspended and closed. He stated that he saw the error that was made on their part with the reporting. He also stated that he saw that my account was not past due as they were reporting, and he took time to listen to different phone calls. He also said that he was escalating it and that I would receive a letter in the mail in the next 30 days that would show that they have made the necessary corrections with the credit bureaus. I never received that letter, and when I called again to follow-up again last week, I was transferred around to be told that they would submit something to the credit bureaus, but they could not reopen my account. I was told that someone would contact me from XXXX, but no one ever did. \n\nI called back to day to follow-up again, and I was told that they will not reopen my credit card due to non-payment. Even though it was determined that there was nothing for me to pay due to their errors. It was determined on XX/XX/XXXX that ALL of the charges were erroneous and they were removed from my account. I am now being told that the charges were charged off. I was told today ( XXXX ) that a letter was sent to all XXXX credit bureaus on XX/XX/XXXX, but they will not tell me what was in the letter, and they said that I am not entitled to a copy. \n\nI believe that they said that my account was closed in XXXX, yet they are continuing to asses charges. A credit was made last week when I called, because they were still assessing charges. I have worked really hard on restoring my credit from beyond bad to over XXXX in an effort to purchase a home, and this has ruined it."
}

Chunk:
to listen to different phone calls. he also said that he was escalating it and that i would receive a letter in the mail in the next 30 days that would show that they have made the necessary corrections with the credit bureaus. i never received that letter, and when i called again to follow - up again last week, i was transferred around to be told that they would submit something to the credit bureaus, but they could not reopen my account. i was told that someone would contact me from xxxx, but no one ever did. i called back to day to follow - up again, and i was told that they will not reopen my credit card due to non - payment. even though it was determined that there was nothing for me to pay due to their errors. it was determined on xx / xx / xxxx that all of the charges were erroneous and they were removed from my account. i am now being told that the charges were charged off. i was told today ( xxxx ) that a letter was sent to all xxxx credit bureaus on xx / xx / xxxx, but they will not tell me what was in the letter, and they said that i am not entitled to a copy. i believe that they said that my account was closed in xxxx, yet they are continuing to asses charges. a credit was made last week when i called, because they were still assessing charges. i have worked really hard on restoring my credit from beyond bad to over xxxx in an effort to purchase a home, and this has ruined it.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9997721314430237
}
