Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9026624,
  "complaint_id": "9026624",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I filed a XXXX  complaint on XX/XX/XXXX telling them they have violated my rights and showing them the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. They at first tried to avoid my complaint and said i put personal information on there knowing that i didn't and then got a text from a random debt collector that im unaware of how they got my number knowing that was citibank 's doing. Then they lied saying they gave me my 3 notices on XX/XX/XXXX when XX/XX/XXXX the only email i got is when my account is just got opened saying that the notices are with the statements and they are NOT which they have been violating my consumer rights. This company has to comply with Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act you are considered a \" Financial Institution '' therefore were supposed to provide me an initial notice of your privacy policies and practices The annual notice that has to be sent once every 12 months if the customer still has a relationships with the financial institution an opt-out notice ( including, among other things, a reasonable means to opt out ) ; and a reasonable opportunity, before the financial institution discloses the information to the nonaffiliated third party, to opt out. Failure to provide me that is not only a violation of the GBLA but also a violation of 15 USC 6802B- ( a ) Notice requirements Except as otherwise provided in this subchapter, a financial institution may not, directly or through any affiliate, disclose to a nonaffiliated third party any nonpublic personal information, unless such financial institution provides or has provided to the consumer a notice that complies with section 6803 of this title. ( b ) Opt out ( 1 ) In general, A financial institution may not disclose nonpublic personal information to a nonaffiliated third party unless ( A ) -such financial institution clearly and conspicuously discloses to the consumer, in writing or in electronic form or other form permitted by the regulations prescribed under section 6804 of this title, that such information may be disclosed to such third party ; ( B ) -the consumer is given the opportunity, before the time that such information is initially disclosed, to direct that such information not be disclosed to such third party ; and ( C ) -the consumer is given an explanation of how the consumer can exercise that nondisclosure option. They never provided me any of these notices nor a chance to opt out. I showed that under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act a former customer is also considered a consumer and that i have the right to opt-out of reporting XXXX information to a nonaffiliated third party anytime ... .there is no time limit to opt-out and i have the right and is exercising my right to Opt out of XXXX  being reported. They have been stalling and trying to give me the run around after I showed proof of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and i showed that they didn't give my 3 notices and showed the email that i only got my account open on the XX/XX/XXXX. Also, 16 CFR 313.7 Form of opt out notice to consumers ; opt out methods also the opt out notices and ( e ) ( f ) ( g ) subsubsections also state the timely of opting out as well and i have the right opt out at any time as well. This account is to be removed from my credit report as they are continuously violated federal law.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "39501",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MS",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Their investigation did not fix an error on your report",
  "text": "I filed a XXXX  complaint on XX/XX/XXXX telling them they have violated my rights and showing them the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. They at first tried to avoid my complaint and said i put personal information on there knowing that i didn't and then got a text from a random debt collector that im unaware of how they got my number knowing that was citibank 's doing. Then they lied saying they gave me my 3 notices on XX/XX/XXXX when XX/XX/XXXX the only email i got is when my account is just got opened saying that the notices are with the statements and they are NOT which they have been violating my consumer rights. This company has to comply with Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act you are considered a \" Financial Institution '' therefore were supposed to provide me an initial notice of your privacy policies and practices The annual notice that has to be sent once every 12 months if the customer still has a relationships with the financial institution an opt-out notice ( including, among other things, a reasonable means to opt out ) ; and a reasonable opportunity, before the financial institution discloses the information to the nonaffiliated third party, to opt out. Failure to provide me that is not only a violation of the GBLA but also a violation of 15 USC 6802B- ( a ) Notice requirements Except as otherwise provided in this subchapter, a financial institution may not, directly or through any affiliate, disclose to a nonaffiliated third party any nonpublic personal information, unless such financial institution provides or has provided to the consumer a notice that complies with section 6803 of this title. ( b ) Opt out ( 1 ) In general, A financial institution may not disclose nonpublic personal information to a nonaffiliated third party unless ( A ) -such financial institution clearly and conspicuously discloses to the consumer, in writing or in electronic form or other form permitted by the regulations prescribed under section 6804 of this title, that such information may be disclosed to such third party ; ( B ) -the consumer is given the opportunity, before the time that such information is initially disclosed, to direct that such information not be disclosed to such third party ; and ( C ) -the consumer is given an explanation of how the consumer can exercise that nondisclosure option. They never provided me any of these notices nor a chance to opt out. I showed that under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act a former customer is also considered a consumer and that i have the right to opt-out of reporting XXXX information to a nonaffiliated third party anytime ... .there is no time limit to opt-out and i have the right and is exercising my right to Opt out of XXXX  being reported. They have been stalling and trying to give me the run around after I showed proof of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and i showed that they didn't give my 3 notices and showed the email that i only got my account open on the XX/XX/XXXX. Also, 16 CFR 313.7 Form of opt out notice to consumers ; opt out methods also the opt out notices and ( e ) ( f ) ( g ) subsubsections also state the timely of opting out as well and i have the right opt out at any time as well. This account is to be removed from my credit report as they are continuously violated federal law."
}

Chunk:
a chance to opt out. i showed that under the gramm - leach - bliley act a former customer is also considered a consumer and that i have the right to opt - out of reporting xxxx information to a nonaffiliated third party anytime.... there is no time limit to opt - out and i have the right and is exercising my right to opt out of xxxx being reported. they have been stalling and trying to give me the run around after i showed proof of the gramm - leach - bliley act and i showed that they didn't give my 3 notices and showed the email that i only got my account open on the xx / xx / xxxx. also, 16 cfr 313. 7 form of opt out notice to consumers ; opt out methods also the opt out notices and ( e ) ( f ) ( g ) subsubsections also state the timely of opting out as well and i have the right opt out at any time as well. this account is to be removed from my credit report as they are continuously violated federal law.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9979243278503418
}
