Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9130986,
  "complaint_id": "9130986",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Subject : Complaint against AVANT Credit Company for Denying Approved Credit I am writing to file a formal complaint against AVANT Credit Company regarding their denial of my right to use credit that I was previously approved for. The denial is based on a reported fraudulent personal loan using my personal information.\n\nI received a notification from AVANT Credit Company stating that my approved credit was being denied due to a reported fraudulent personal loan. However, I have never taken out a personal loan with AVANT or any other financial institution, and I am confident that my personal information has been misused without my consent.\n\nThe denial of my approved credit is a clear violation of consumer protection laws and regulations. AVANT Credit Company has a responsibility to ensure the accuracy and integrity of the information they report to credit bureaus. By reporting a fraudulent personal loan using my personal information, AVANT Credit Company has not only damaged my creditworthiness but also violated my rights as a consumer.\n\nI have taken several steps to rectify this issue. First, I contacted AVANT Credit Company 's customer service department to dispute the reported fraudulent personal loan and request the removal of this information from my credit report. However, despite providing evidence and supporting documentation, I have not received a satisfactory resolution to my complaint.\n\nFurthermore, I have also contacted the credit bureaus to dispute the accuracy of the information reported by AVANT Credit Company. While the credit bureaus have initiated an investigation, the denial of my approved credit by AVANT Credit Company continues to impact my financial opportunities.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "48180",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "In progress",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Avant Holding Company, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Delay in processing application",
  "text": "Subject : Complaint against AVANT Credit Company for Denying Approved Credit I am writing to file a formal complaint against AVANT Credit Company regarding their denial of my right to use credit that I was previously approved for. The denial is based on a reported fraudulent personal loan using my personal information.\n\nI received a notification from AVANT Credit Company stating that my approved credit was being denied due to a reported fraudulent personal loan. However, I have never taken out a personal loan with AVANT or any other financial institution, and I am confident that my personal information has been misused without my consent.\n\nThe denial of my approved credit is a clear violation of consumer protection laws and regulations. AVANT Credit Company has a responsibility to ensure the accuracy and integrity of the information they report to credit bureaus. By reporting a fraudulent personal loan using my personal information, AVANT Credit Company has not only damaged my creditworthiness but also violated my rights as a consumer.\n\nI have taken several steps to rectify this issue. First, I contacted AVANT Credit Company 's customer service department to dispute the reported fraudulent personal loan and request the removal of this information from my credit report. However, despite providing evidence and supporting documentation, I have not received a satisfactory resolution to my complaint.\n\nFurthermore, I have also contacted the credit bureaus to dispute the accuracy of the information reported by AVANT Credit Company. While the credit bureaus have initiated an investigation, the denial of my approved credit by AVANT Credit Company continues to impact my financial opportunities."
}

Chunk:
subject : complaint against avant credit company for denying approved credit i am writing to file a formal complaint against avant credit company regarding their denial of my right to use credit that i was previously approved for. the denial is based on a reported fraudulent personal loan using my personal information. i received a notification from avant credit company stating that my approved credit was being denied due to a reported fraudulent personal loan. however, i have never taken out a personal loan with avant or any other financial institution, and i am confident that my personal information has been misused without my consent. the denial of my approved credit is a clear violation of consumer protection laws and regulations. avant credit company has a responsibility to ensure the accuracy and integrity of the information they report to credit bureaus. by reporting a fraudulent personal loan using my personal information, avant credit company has not only damaged my creditworthiness but also violated my rights as a consumer. i have taken several steps to rectify this issue. first, i contacted avant credit company's customer service department to dispute the reported fraudulent personal loan and request the removal of this information from my credit report. however, despite providing evidence and supporting documentation, i have not received a satisfactory resolution to my complaint. furthermore, i have also contacted the credit bureaus to dispute the accuracy of the information reported by avant credit company. while the credit bureaus have initiated an investigation, the denial of my approved credit by avant credit company continues to impact my financial opportunities.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9957624077796936
}
