Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9272489,
  "complaint_id": "9272489",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Dear PayPal, I am submitting my opposition to the conclusions in your statement ( attached ) based on the following points : Your conclusion : I have accepted responsibilities for the charges.\n\nMy conclusion : I paid the balance on my card because you threatened to add interest and did not hold the amount. I can not allow interest to be added on an amount I do not owe. I sent several documents to your office twice, demonstrating how XXXX fraudulently charges customers ' cards on file. Although you acknowledged receipt, you did not assist in reversing the charge. I have never authorized XXXX to take my money, and your collaboration with XXXX to unjustly charge me is unacceptable. Numerous online reviews confirmed XXXX 's fraudulent practices, and your refusal to take action against this company led me to close my account with you to prevent further unauthorized charges. Please be aware that I will pursue all legal avenues to recover my money from XXXX. \n\nYour conclusion : The purchased item was shipped to my address. I authorized, participated in, or benefited from the purchase. \nMy conclusion : XXXX is a dating website that provides matchmaking services. I did not purchase any items or have anything shipped to me. After seeing an advertisement, I decided to register to try out their service. Upon registration, my account was unexpectedly charged for a six-month service, which I never selected or authorized. I immediately ( the same day ) contacted PayPal and XXXX to report the unauthorized charge. Despite discontinuing the use of XXXX 's services within three days, and in line with their three-day refund policy, I was charged for six months of service that I did not use. I reached out to XXXX to request a refund, as per their policy, but did not receive one. Although my family address in XXXX is listed on XXXX 's website, the company did not honor their refund policy to my XXXX address. This is a recurring issue where XXXX allegedly engages in charging its numerous customers card on file, while financial institutions like PayPal continue to process these questionable charges. I registered on XXXX 's website, did not subscribe or authorize a six-month service charge, discontinued use within 48 hours ( as covered by XXXX 's XXXX policy ), and did not benefit from the six-month service for which I was charged. \n\nYour conclusion : Payments have been made by me on this account. \nMy conclusion : I paid the balance on my card because you threatened to add interest and did not hold the amount. I can not allow interest to be added on an amount I do not owe. You facilitated a fraudulent transaction by processing a charge on behalf of XXXX. I am committed to pursuing justice in this matter through legal channels. \n\nYour conclusion : The account has been open for more than 12 monthts with statements sent to me. \nMy conclusion : Yes, I did not deny this. However, your dispute resolution process resulted in an incorrect judgment. Another bank recently provided excellent service by helping me secure a refund in a similar situation. XXXX 's practices are questionable, as numerous online reviews highlight similar issues of unauthorized charges. I recommend discontinuing their use of your platform. \n\nYour conclusion : You didn't provide the information needed to continue your review. \nMy conclusion : I have already provided extensive documentation multiple times to support my position. It is evident from numerous online sources how dubious XXXX 's practices are, and I urge you to prevent them from using your platform to charge accounts fraudulently. I stand by my claim that XXXX is engaging in fraudulent activity and am fully prepared to take this case to court to seek justice. At the same time, I will stop using your services until further notice since you couldn't give correct judgment. \nYour conclusion : The signature on the sales receipt ( s ) or application matches one we have on file. \nMy conclusion : Does my registering an account ( not subscribing to any six months service ) with XXXX justify them charging my account for a service I did not use, simply because it matches the information on file? I hope you are not supporting fraudulent companies that engage in practices similar to XXXX 's. I did not authorize this transaction, and your conclusion in this case is both dangerous and unwarranted. \n\nYour conclusion : The charges were made by an authorized user, or you permitted a third party to use/open the account. \nMy conclusion : \" If a law is unjust, a man is not only right to disobey it, he is obligated to do so - XXXX XXXX ''. \nAnother reason why I disagree with your acceptance of the dubious terms that XXXX relies on. Their claim of having terms that permit them to charge people 's accounts does not align with federal laws, and I intend to demonstrate this to both you and XXXX when we get to court. \n\nYour conclusion : The card was activated by an authorized user or you permitted a third party to use/open the account. \nMy conclusion : I did not permit XXXX to charge my account. If you persist in making such statements, I will have to assume that you are colluding with XXXX in their deceptive practices. Are you endorsing unethical behavior? \n\nYour conclusion : The business authorized the employee to use the card or purchase history shows employee had permission to use account. \nMy conclusion : I am grateful to XXXX that I am not a debtor and I could settle all my bills and close the account. You would have allowed XXXX to potentially continue charging my account, as they have done to numerous others online, and they would have done so beyond the initial six-month charge with this claim of yours. I want to reiterate that I did not authorize any transaction with XXXX. The charge on my account was made without my consent, and I dispute any claim suggesting otherwise. Now that I have closed my account, you can continue to give them your money on my behalf ( if you like ). This is unprecedented in my experience, especially coming from a reputed multibillion-dollar company. \n\nI do not owe you any further business, and unless there are changes to your policies, I will not engage with your services again. Moreso, you temporarily blocked access to the funds in my debit account. Please allow me to withdraw my remaining balance and proceed to close my account with your institution. You can continue placing your trust in XXXX, for whatever you care.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "07106",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "Dear PayPal, I am submitting my opposition to the conclusions in your statement ( attached ) based on the following points : Your conclusion : I have accepted responsibilities for the charges.\n\nMy conclusion : I paid the balance on my card because you threatened to add interest and did not hold the amount. I can not allow interest to be added on an amount I do not owe. I sent several documents to your office twice, demonstrating how XXXX fraudulently charges customers ' cards on file. Although you acknowledged receipt, you did not assist in reversing the charge. I have never authorized XXXX to take my money, and your collaboration with XXXX to unjustly charge me is unacceptable. Numerous online reviews confirmed XXXX 's fraudulent practices, and your refusal to take action against this company led me to close my account with you to prevent further unauthorized charges. Please be aware that I will pursue all legal avenues to recover my money from XXXX. \n\nYour conclusion : The purchased item was shipped to my address. I authorized, participated in, or benefited from the purchase. \nMy conclusion : XXXX is a dating website that provides matchmaking services. I did not purchase any items or have anything shipped to me. After seeing an advertisement, I decided to register to try out their service. Upon registration, my account was unexpectedly charged for a six-month service, which I never selected or authorized. I immediately ( the same day ) contacted PayPal and XXXX to report the unauthorized charge. Despite discontinuing the use of XXXX 's services within three days, and in line with their three-day refund policy, I was charged for six months of service that I did not use. I reached out to XXXX to request a refund, as per their policy, but did not receive one. Although my family address in XXXX is listed on XXXX 's website, the company did not honor their refund policy to my XXXX address. This is a recurring issue where XXXX allegedly engages in charging its numerous customers card on file, while financial institutions like PayPal continue to process these questionable charges. I registered on XXXX 's website, did not subscribe or authorize a six-month service charge, discontinued use within 48 hours ( as covered by XXXX 's XXXX policy ), and did not benefit from the six-month service for which I was charged. \n\nYour conclusion : Payments have been made by me on this account. \nMy conclusion : I paid the balance on my card because you threatened to add interest and did not hold the amount. I can not allow interest to be added on an amount I do not owe. You facilitated a fraudulent transaction by processing a charge on behalf of XXXX. I am committed to pursuing justice in this matter through legal channels. \n\nYour conclusion : The account has been open for more than 12 monthts with statements sent to me. \nMy conclusion : Yes, I did not deny this. However, your dispute resolution process resulted in an incorrect judgment. Another bank recently provided excellent service by helping me secure a refund in a similar situation. XXXX 's practices are questionable, as numerous online reviews highlight similar issues of unauthorized charges. I recommend discontinuing their use of your platform. \n\nYour conclusion : You didn't provide the information needed to continue your review. \nMy conclusion : I have already provided extensive documentation multiple times to support my position. It is evident from numerous online sources how dubious XXXX 's practices are, and I urge you to prevent them from using your platform to charge accounts fraudulently. I stand by my claim that XXXX is engaging in fraudulent activity and am fully prepared to take this case to court to seek justice. At the same time, I will stop using your services until further notice since you couldn't give correct judgment. \nYour conclusion : The signature on the sales receipt ( s ) or application matches one we have on file. \nMy conclusion : Does my registering an account ( not subscribing to any six months service ) with XXXX justify them charging my account for a service I did not use, simply because it matches the information on file? I hope you are not supporting fraudulent companies that engage in practices similar to XXXX 's. I did not authorize this transaction, and your conclusion in this case is both dangerous and unwarranted. \n\nYour conclusion : The charges were made by an authorized user, or you permitted a third party to use/open the account. \nMy conclusion : \" If a law is unjust, a man is not only right to disobey it, he is obligated to do so - XXXX XXXX ''. \nAnother reason why I disagree with your acceptance of the dubious terms that XXXX relies on. Their claim of having terms that permit them to charge people 's accounts does not align with federal laws, and I intend to demonstrate this to both you and XXXX when we get to court. \n\nYour conclusion : The card was activated by an authorized user or you permitted a third party to use/open the account. \nMy conclusion : I did not permit XXXX to charge my account. If you persist in making such statements, I will have to assume that you are colluding with XXXX in their deceptive practices. Are you endorsing unethical behavior? \n\nYour conclusion : The business authorized the employee to use the card or purchase history shows employee had permission to use account. \nMy conclusion : I am grateful to XXXX that I am not a debtor and I could settle all my bills and close the account. You would have allowed XXXX to potentially continue charging my account, as they have done to numerous others online, and they would have done so beyond the initial six-month charge with this claim of yours. I want to reiterate that I did not authorize any transaction with XXXX. The charge on my account was made without my consent, and I dispute any claim suggesting otherwise. Now that I have closed my account, you can continue to give them your money on my behalf ( if you like ). This is unprecedented in my experience, especially coming from a reputed multibillion-dollar company. \n\nI do not owe you any further business, and unless there are changes to your policies, I will not engage with your services again. Moreso, you temporarily blocked access to the funds in my debit account. Please allow me to withdraw my remaining balance and proceed to close my account with your institution. You can continue placing your trust in XXXX, for whatever you care."
}

Chunk:
to add interest and did not hold the amount. i can not allow interest to be added on an amount i do not owe. you facilitated a fraudulent transaction by processing a charge on behalf of xxxx. i am committed to pursuing justice in this matter through legal channels. your conclusion : the account has been open for more than 12 monthts with statements sent to me. my conclusion : yes, i did not deny this. however, your dispute resolution process resulted in an incorrect judgment. another bank recently provided excellent service by helping me secure a refund in a similar situation. xxxx's practices are questionable, as numerous online reviews highlight similar issues of unauthorized charges. i recommend discontinuing their use of your platform. your conclusion : you didn't provide the information needed to continue your review. my conclusion : i have already provided extensive documentation multiple times to support my position. it is evident from numerous online sources how dubious xxxx's practices are, and i urge you to prevent them from using your platform to charge accounts fraudulently. i stand by my claim that xxxx is engaging in fraudulent activity and am fully prepared to take this case to court to seek justice. at the same time, i will stop using your services until further notice since you couldn't give correct judgment. your conclusion : the signature on the sales receipt ( s ) or application matches one we have on file. my conclusion : does my registering an account ( not subscribing to any six months service ) with xxxx justify them charging my account for a service i did not use, simply because it matches the information on file? i hope you are not supporting fraudulent companies that engage in practices similar to xxxx's. i did not authorize this transaction, and your conclusion in this case is both dangerous and unwarranted. your conclusion : the charges were made by an authorized user, or you permitted a third party to use / open the account. my conclusion : " if a law is unjust, a man is not only right to disobey it, he is obligated to do so - xxxx xxxx''. another reason why i disagree with your acceptance of the dubious terms that xxxx relies on. their claim of having terms that permit them to charge people's accounts does not align with federal laws, and i intend to demonstrate this to both you and xxxx when we get to court. your conclusion : the card was activated by an authorized user or you permitted a third party to use / open the

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9953800439834595
}
