Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9263067,
  "complaint_id": "9263067",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I had a Bank of the West cash back XXXX. During summer 2023, I experienced a decrease in income which caused me to fall behind on that and other accounts. Some of the companies I dealt with were reasonable and I was able to maintain the accounts and work out payment issues. That was not the case with Bank of the West and, later, XXXX. The account was closed without notice ( I had to find out about the closure through XXXX XXXX ). I was then inundated by repeated emails, texts and phone calls from XXXX personnel. \n\nAt one point, XXXX collections offered a deal to compromise the amount owed. I did not avail myself of that offer as several BMO collections personnel advised that by bringing my account under the credit limit and current, the account would be reinstated. In no uncertain terms, I was advised on at least three occasions by different BMO collections representatives that the account would be reinstated and available for use if the payments were brought current. That seemed like an acceptable resolution at the time. I sacrificed payments on other accounts to become current on XXXX. When I did, the XXXX online site reflected the payments and available credit. \n\nI contacted XXXX to obtain a replacement card since the original card in my possession expired earlier this year. I was advised by BMO customer service that the account was revoked by collections and could not be reinstated, referring me back to collections. I spoke with collections and was advised that the earlier representations were in error and that the account could not be reinstated. I asked for the contact information of someone within XXXX to address my concerns. I was not given that information and was told that XXXX would \" investigate ''.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "80127",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BMO Bank, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CO",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "I had a Bank of the West cash back XXXX. During summer 2023, I experienced a decrease in income which caused me to fall behind on that and other accounts. Some of the companies I dealt with were reasonable and I was able to maintain the accounts and work out payment issues. That was not the case with Bank of the West and, later, XXXX. The account was closed without notice ( I had to find out about the closure through XXXX XXXX ). I was then inundated by repeated emails, texts and phone calls from XXXX personnel. \n\nAt one point, XXXX collections offered a deal to compromise the amount owed. I did not avail myself of that offer as several BMO collections personnel advised that by bringing my account under the credit limit and current, the account would be reinstated. In no uncertain terms, I was advised on at least three occasions by different BMO collections representatives that the account would be reinstated and available for use if the payments were brought current. That seemed like an acceptable resolution at the time. I sacrificed payments on other accounts to become current on XXXX. When I did, the XXXX online site reflected the payments and available credit. \n\nI contacted XXXX to obtain a replacement card since the original card in my possession expired earlier this year. I was advised by BMO customer service that the account was revoked by collections and could not be reinstated, referring me back to collections. I spoke with collections and was advised that the earlier representations were in error and that the account could not be reinstated. I asked for the contact information of someone within XXXX to address my concerns. I was not given that information and was told that XXXX would \" investigate ''."
}

Chunk:
i had a bank of the west cash back xxxx. during summer 2023, i experienced a decrease in income which caused me to fall behind on that and other accounts. some of the companies i dealt with were reasonable and i was able to maintain the accounts and work out payment issues. that was not the case with bank of the west and, later, xxxx. the account was closed without notice ( i had to find out about the closure through xxxx xxxx ). i was then inundated by repeated emails, texts and phone calls from xxxx personnel. at one point, xxxx collections offered a deal to compromise the amount owed. i did not avail myself of that offer as several bmo collections personnel advised that by bringing my account under the credit limit and current, the account would be reinstated. in no uncertain terms, i was advised on at least three occasions by different bmo collections representatives that the account would be reinstated and available for use if the payments were brought current. that seemed like an acceptable resolution at the time. i sacrificed payments on other accounts to become current on xxxx. when i did, the xxxx online site reflected the payments and available credit. i contacted xxxx to obtain a replacement card since the original card in my possession expired earlier this year. i was advised by bmo customer service that the account was revoked by collections and could not be reinstated, referring me back to collections. i spoke with collections and was advised that the earlier representations were in error and that the account could not be reinstated. i asked for the contact information of someone within xxxx to address my concerns. i was not given that information and was told that xxxx would " investigate''.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992092847824097
}
