Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9164158,
  "complaint_id": "9164158",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Discover Card has revoked my account. When I was discussing the details with them today. They said that it was due to \" failure to meet the minimum financial requirements '' when I asked what this meant they gave only a vague answer and said that it was permanent and irreversible. \n\nFirstly, they did not provide adequate notice that the account was going to be revoked nor provided an opportunity for me to fix the issue. They claim that \" communication was sent in XXXX '' however, checking my month 's previous mail they did not provide any written notice via XXXX. There was a secured message on my Discover online account form XX/XX/year> however, Discover has locked the account and I can not read what the message says. \n\nSecondly, I contest exactly what they mean by \" failure to meet the minimum financial obligations '' I entered into a repayment agreement with a credit consolidation company in XXXX and Discover rejected the agreement, again I was only given a vague reason. The purpose for entering into the agreement was to consolidate my credit and get lower interest. If Discover is interpreting entering into a repayment agreement, this as a failure to meet financial obligations then they are misunderstanding me. \n\nAlso, I was a commissioned based salesperson who for a period of a couple months, received extremely low pay. I tried contacting Discover to apply for an emergency forbearance, again because they locked the secure message center on my account, and I couldn't provide my paystubs as proof of financial hardship. \n\nAlso, Discover mishandled a fraud claim. I tried contacting a merchant who kept recurring billing me. When they would not respond, I contacted Discover get a new card issued so the merchant would quit billing it. Instead of reporting it as fraud, the Discover agent reported the card lost/stolen so the merchant was able to continue billing it.\n\nAlso, Discover called my parents for debt collection. This was a flagrant violation of my privacy.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "15010",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "DISCOVER BANK",
  "date_received": "2024-06-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "Discover Card has revoked my account. When I was discussing the details with them today. They said that it was due to \" failure to meet the minimum financial requirements '' when I asked what this meant they gave only a vague answer and said that it was permanent and irreversible. \n\nFirstly, they did not provide adequate notice that the account was going to be revoked nor provided an opportunity for me to fix the issue. They claim that \" communication was sent in XXXX '' however, checking my month 's previous mail they did not provide any written notice via XXXX. There was a secured message on my Discover online account form XX/XX/year> however, Discover has locked the account and I can not read what the message says. \n\nSecondly, I contest exactly what they mean by \" failure to meet the minimum financial obligations '' I entered into a repayment agreement with a credit consolidation company in XXXX and Discover rejected the agreement, again I was only given a vague reason. The purpose for entering into the agreement was to consolidate my credit and get lower interest. If Discover is interpreting entering into a repayment agreement, this as a failure to meet financial obligations then they are misunderstanding me. \n\nAlso, I was a commissioned based salesperson who for a period of a couple months, received extremely low pay. I tried contacting Discover to apply for an emergency forbearance, again because they locked the secure message center on my account, and I couldn't provide my paystubs as proof of financial hardship. \n\nAlso, Discover mishandled a fraud claim. I tried contacting a merchant who kept recurring billing me. When they would not respond, I contacted Discover get a new card issued so the merchant would quit billing it. Instead of reporting it as fraud, the Discover agent reported the card lost/stolen so the merchant was able to continue billing it.\n\nAlso, Discover called my parents for debt collection. This was a flagrant violation of my privacy."
}

Chunk:
discover card has revoked my account. when i was discussing the details with them today. they said that it was due to " failure to meet the minimum financial requirements'' when i asked what this meant they gave only a vague answer and said that it was permanent and irreversible. firstly, they did not provide adequate notice that the account was going to be revoked nor provided an opportunity for me to fix the issue. they claim that " communication was sent in xxxx'' however, checking my month's previous mail they did not provide any written notice via xxxx. there was a secured message on my discover online account form xx / xx / year > however, discover has locked the account and i can not read what the message says. secondly, i contest exactly what they mean by " failure to meet the minimum financial obligations'' i entered into a repayment agreement with a credit consolidation company in xxxx and discover rejected the agreement, again i was only given a vague reason. the purpose for entering into the agreement was to consolidate my credit and get lower interest. if discover is interpreting entering into a repayment agreement, this as a failure to meet financial obligations then they are misunderstanding me. also, i was a commissioned based salesperson who for a period of a couple months, received extremely low pay. i tried contacting discover to apply for an emergency forbearance, again because they locked the secure message center on my account, and i couldn't provide my paystubs as proof of financial hardship. also, discover mishandled a fraud claim. i tried contacting a merchant who kept recurring billing me. when they would not respond, i contacted discover get a new card issued so the merchant would quit billing it. instead of reporting it as fraud, the discover agent reported the card lost / stolen so the merchant was able to continue billing it. also, discover called my parents for debt collection. this was a flagrant violation of my privacy.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996165037155151
}
