Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9079845,
  "complaint_id": "9079845",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I had a Wells Fargo business credit card. There was never anything in any terms or conditions that I agreed to that said anything about two issues : 1 ) A right of offset and 2 ) a Personal Guarantee.\n\nI was having problems paying the card. Wells Fargo told me to go delinquent. Then, they took approximately XXXX from a business account with my partner 's capital contribution. \nI asked the bank for proof that I was advised of any right of offset either on my bank account or the credit card. They could provide none. Instead, they sent me pages of account agreements, which were all new, not a copy of one allegedly applicable at the time. Further, they NEVER provided one document that proves I agreed to these terms. No signature, either live or electronic, was ever produced. I asked Wells Fargo to return the money, but they didn't. They must return the money they had no contractual agreement with me, period, much less on that would result in a right to offset in the event of credit card delinquency. They have no evidence I asked for the card I was ever advised that it was a personal guaranteed card or had a right to offset. I did not sign any bank account agreement never signed any agreements, They just sent the card and opened the bank account. \n\nWells Fargo has stolen my money. I have not yet filed an FBI report. This action started a massive downward spiral that has destroyed me financially. I had to reimburse my partner the XXXX with high-interest rate credit cards. Wells Fargo has all the power, but I don't have the money to sue them. They know this. You must force them to comply with the law. If they can not produce any evidence I agreed to any such terms, then they have no legal right to take the money from the bank account, and to make it worse, they duped me into being delinquent when I asked for help so they could exercise this right they never possessed. Please do your job. Dont let them get away with this. Every year, Wells Fargo is found guilty of violating dozens of laws. But the consumer is never made whole. \n\nThis was a XXXX XXXX to XXXX XXXX the bank account they offset and stole the money from was XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX ending in XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "79932",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "I had a Wells Fargo business credit card. There was never anything in any terms or conditions that I agreed to that said anything about two issues : 1 ) A right of offset and 2 ) a Personal Guarantee.\n\nI was having problems paying the card. Wells Fargo told me to go delinquent. Then, they took approximately XXXX from a business account with my partner 's capital contribution. \nI asked the bank for proof that I was advised of any right of offset either on my bank account or the credit card. They could provide none. Instead, they sent me pages of account agreements, which were all new, not a copy of one allegedly applicable at the time. Further, they NEVER provided one document that proves I agreed to these terms. No signature, either live or electronic, was ever produced. I asked Wells Fargo to return the money, but they didn't. They must return the money they had no contractual agreement with me, period, much less on that would result in a right to offset in the event of credit card delinquency. They have no evidence I asked for the card I was ever advised that it was a personal guaranteed card or had a right to offset. I did not sign any bank account agreement never signed any agreements, They just sent the card and opened the bank account. \n\nWells Fargo has stolen my money. I have not yet filed an FBI report. This action started a massive downward spiral that has destroyed me financially. I had to reimburse my partner the XXXX with high-interest rate credit cards. Wells Fargo has all the power, but I don't have the money to sue them. They know this. You must force them to comply with the law. If they can not produce any evidence I agreed to any such terms, then they have no legal right to take the money from the bank account, and to make it worse, they duped me into being delinquent when I asked for help so they could exercise this right they never possessed. Please do your job. Dont let them get away with this. Every year, Wells Fargo is found guilty of violating dozens of laws. But the consumer is never made whole. \n\nThis was a XXXX XXXX to XXXX XXXX the bank account they offset and stole the money from was XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX ending in XXXX"
}

Chunk:
i had a wells fargo business credit card. there was never anything in any terms or conditions that i agreed to that said anything about two issues : 1 ) a right of offset and 2 ) a personal guarantee. i was having problems paying the card. wells fargo told me to go delinquent. then, they took approximately xxxx from a business account with my partner's capital contribution. i asked the bank for proof that i was advised of any right of offset either on my bank account or the credit card. they could provide none. instead, they sent me pages of account agreements, which were all new, not a copy of one allegedly applicable at the time. further, they never provided one document that proves i agreed to these terms. no signature, either live or electronic, was ever produced. i asked wells fargo to return the money, but they didn't. they must return the money they had no contractual agreement with me, period, much less on that would result in a right to offset in the event of credit card delinquency. they have no evidence i asked for the card i was ever advised that it was a personal guaranteed card or had a right to offset. i did not sign any bank account agreement never signed any agreements, they just sent the card and opened the bank account. wells fargo has stolen my money. i have not yet filed an fbi report. this action started a massive downward spiral that has destroyed me financially. i had to reimburse my partner the xxxx with high - interest rate credit cards. wells fargo has all the power, but i don't have the money to sue them. they know this. you must force them to comply with the law. if they can not produce any evidence i agreed to any such terms, then they have no legal right to take the money from the bank account, and to make it worse, they duped me into being delinquent when i asked for help so they could exercise this right they never possessed. please do your job. dont let them get away with this. every year, wells fargo is found guilty of violating dozens of laws. but the consumer is never made whole. this was a xxxx xxxx to xxxx xxxx the bank account they offset and stole the money from was xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx ending in xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996175765991211
}
