Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9112641,
  "complaint_id": "9112641",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "In XXXX on a XXXX XXXX trip, a taxi drive took the card from my hand and quickly tapped it on a second reader for XXXX pesos ( {$600.00} ). He then made a show of slowly typing the agreed upon amount of XXXX pesos into his second card reader. I am signed up for Wells Fargo charge alerts, so when I saw the charge immediately in the XXXX XXXX, I refused to pay the {$80.00} pesos for theTaxi ride, for which my friend ended up paying, and I walked away. Within 5 minutes of that charge occurring, I called Wells Fargo, my bank, and told them what happened. The lady on the phone directed me to file a fraud charge, so I did. After several weeks, Wells Fargo denied my claim, saying it was a disputed charge rather than a fraud charge because the card was not in my possession ( even though a fake signature is clearly fraudulent ). I was then directed to file a disputed charge claim, but WF eventually denied that as well because they received a signature showing that I agreed to pay this charge. The signature was a squiggle, XXXX, fraudulently written by the taxi driver, and sent by the Taxi Credit Card reader, XXXX he used. I then filed an appeal to the escalations department of Wells Fargo, submitting receipts showing this claim was completely fraudulent. Here is that evidence : XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX is the charge that came through on my credit card XX/XX/XXXX at XXXXXXXX XXXX- when I XXXX this charge, the FIRST thing that pops up is Taxi Driver Scams in XXXX- This charge translates roughly to Travel and Tour, we never took any travel/tours as we are a bunch of broke college students staying in Hostels and exploring XXXX on our own XXXX I called my credit card company within MINUTES of seeing this suspicious charge, and they were unable to block it at the time for some ungodly reason- I provided evidence showing the legitimate charge on my friend 's debit card with the time stamp of XXXXXXXX XXXX mere minutes apart from my confrontation with the Taxi Driver. I do not know if you are able to show GPS location of the two charges, but they occur in the EXACT SAME place of the XXXX airport minutes apart from one another. \n\n2. I provided WF my real signature example on the back of my ID and the credit card that was used during this dispute, looking and resembling nothing to the fraudulent evidence they used as support to deny my claim 3. I have been on the phone with Wells Fargo over 15 times, transferred to over 40 representatives, and been obfuscated by supposed case managers when I try to talk to them. \n\n4. I had three witnesses to this encounter who all was the situation occur, including me confronting the Taxi Driver about the charge and walking away. There names and phone numbers are listed below and were given to Wells Fargo twice. \nWitness Contact information : XXXX XXXX : XXXX - XXXX - XXXX XXXX XXXX : XXXX - XXXX - XXXX XXXX XXXX : XXXX XXXX - XXXX XXXX. My escalations \" case manager '' has not been returning my calls to understand why the most recent case was denied, and when I asked her what further evidence I needed for the claim, she said something like I think we have all we need, but then proceeded to deny the claim days later. \n\nI let my credit card company know IMMEDIATELY after I incurred a fraudulent charge and they were still unable and unwilling to protect me despite pending charges taking several days to pend. They let the charge post, and now want to hold me responsible despite clear evidence of a scam and REPEATED attempts for me to burden the effort of proof and correction.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "22903",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "VA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "In XXXX on a XXXX XXXX trip, a taxi drive took the card from my hand and quickly tapped it on a second reader for XXXX pesos ( {$600.00} ). He then made a show of slowly typing the agreed upon amount of XXXX pesos into his second card reader. I am signed up for Wells Fargo charge alerts, so when I saw the charge immediately in the XXXX XXXX, I refused to pay the {$80.00} pesos for theTaxi ride, for which my friend ended up paying, and I walked away. Within 5 minutes of that charge occurring, I called Wells Fargo, my bank, and told them what happened. The lady on the phone directed me to file a fraud charge, so I did. After several weeks, Wells Fargo denied my claim, saying it was a disputed charge rather than a fraud charge because the card was not in my possession ( even though a fake signature is clearly fraudulent ). I was then directed to file a disputed charge claim, but WF eventually denied that as well because they received a signature showing that I agreed to pay this charge. The signature was a squiggle, XXXX, fraudulently written by the taxi driver, and sent by the Taxi Credit Card reader, XXXX he used. I then filed an appeal to the escalations department of Wells Fargo, submitting receipts showing this claim was completely fraudulent. Here is that evidence : XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX is the charge that came through on my credit card XX/XX/XXXX at XXXXXXXX XXXX- when I XXXX this charge, the FIRST thing that pops up is Taxi Driver Scams in XXXX- This charge translates roughly to Travel and Tour, we never took any travel/tours as we are a bunch of broke college students staying in Hostels and exploring XXXX on our own XXXX I called my credit card company within MINUTES of seeing this suspicious charge, and they were unable to block it at the time for some ungodly reason- I provided evidence showing the legitimate charge on my friend 's debit card with the time stamp of XXXXXXXX XXXX mere minutes apart from my confrontation with the Taxi Driver. I do not know if you are able to show GPS location of the two charges, but they occur in the EXACT SAME place of the XXXX airport minutes apart from one another. \n\n2. I provided WF my real signature example on the back of my ID and the credit card that was used during this dispute, looking and resembling nothing to the fraudulent evidence they used as support to deny my claim 3. I have been on the phone with Wells Fargo over 15 times, transferred to over 40 representatives, and been obfuscated by supposed case managers when I try to talk to them. \n\n4. I had three witnesses to this encounter who all was the situation occur, including me confronting the Taxi Driver about the charge and walking away. There names and phone numbers are listed below and were given to Wells Fargo twice. \nWitness Contact information : XXXX XXXX : XXXX - XXXX - XXXX XXXX XXXX : XXXX - XXXX - XXXX XXXX XXXX : XXXX XXXX - XXXX XXXX. My escalations \" case manager '' has not been returning my calls to understand why the most recent case was denied, and when I asked her what further evidence I needed for the claim, she said something like I think we have all we need, but then proceeded to deny the claim days later. \n\nI let my credit card company know IMMEDIATELY after I incurred a fraudulent charge and they were still unable and unwilling to protect me despite pending charges taking several days to pend. They let the charge post, and now want to hold me responsible despite clear evidence of a scam and REPEATED attempts for me to burden the effort of proof and correction."
}

Chunk:
credit card that was used during this dispute, looking and resembling nothing to the fraudulent evidence they used as support to deny my claim 3. i have been on the phone with wells fargo over 15 times, transferred to over 40 representatives, and been obfuscated by supposed case managers when i try to talk to them. 4. i had three witnesses to this encounter who all was the situation occur, including me confronting the taxi driver about the charge and walking away. there names and phone numbers are listed below and were given to wells fargo twice. witness contact information : xxxx xxxx : xxxx - xxxx - xxxx xxxx xxxx : xxxx - xxxx - xxxx xxxx xxxx : xxxx xxxx - xxxx xxxx. my escalations " case manager'' has not been returning my calls to understand why the most recent case was denied, and when i asked her what further evidence i needed for the claim, she said something like i think we have all we need, but then proceeded to deny the claim days later. i let my credit card company know immediately after i incurred a fraudulent charge and they were still unable and unwilling to protect me despite pending charges taking several days to pend. they let the charge post, and now want to hold me responsible despite clear evidence of a scam and repeated attempts for me to burden the effort of proof and correction.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990912675857544
}
