Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9025244,
  "complaint_id": "9025244",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I was a victim of identity theft back in XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  This affected my information including my social security number, and my credit cards. I had three Capital One credit cards that were compromised and involved in unauthorized charges. I reported the activity immediately to Capital One and instead of performing a through investigation, they closed all three of my accounts for no give reason. I tried to obtain an explanations and I was never provided with one. Today Capital one reported a delinquency on my credit report that is false and incorrect. I am no longer a customer of Capital One that has been established by Capital One already. With this delinquent reporting my credit score was decreased where I have been trying to fix my credit since the identity theft messed everything up. This is in no way acceptable.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "91403",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "I was a victim of identity theft back in XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  This affected my information including my social security number, and my credit cards. I had three Capital One credit cards that were compromised and involved in unauthorized charges. I reported the activity immediately to Capital One and instead of performing a through investigation, they closed all three of my accounts for no give reason. I tried to obtain an explanations and I was never provided with one. Today Capital one reported a delinquency on my credit report that is false and incorrect. I am no longer a customer of Capital One that has been established by Capital One already. With this delinquent reporting my credit score was decreased where I have been trying to fix my credit since the identity theft messed everything up. This is in no way acceptable."
}

Chunk:
i was a victim of identity theft back in xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx this affected my information including my social security number, and my credit cards. i had three capital one credit cards that were compromised and involved in unauthorized charges. i reported the activity immediately to capital one and instead of performing a through investigation, they closed all three of my accounts for no give reason. i tried to obtain an explanations and i was never provided with one. today capital one reported a delinquency on my credit report that is false and incorrect. i am no longer a customer of capital one that has been established by capital one already. with this delinquent reporting my credit score was decreased where i have been trying to fix my credit since the identity theft messed everything up. this is in no way acceptable.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9997298121452332
}
