Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9170672,
  "complaint_id": "9170672",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX I got an email from Concora Credit thanking me for \" registering '' an Indigo Mastercard account. At the same time I received an email confirming my enrollment in paperless billing. One minute later another email saying my email address had been updated. It offered a number to call if I had not authorized the change. I never even applied for the credit card! I've never registered ANYTHING with Concora Credit and in fact, have never heard of them. I called the number and in order to be \" connected '' it asked me to provide my 9 digit social security number. I did NOT do this. I attempted to try and find other numbers for this creditor - every number I called requested my social security number which I refuse to provide so hung up. Later that same evening, I received a Credit Karma email stating that a hard pull on my credit report had been added to my credit report. I logged into my XXXX XXXX account and there it was - CB Indigo. I never applied for this card. Today, XX/XX/XXXX, I received a letter in the mail stating that my account was temporary blocked and in order to \" access '' my account I would need to provide a copy of my driver 's license OR my US passport OR a military ID card. I do not have an Indigo Mastercard nor have I applied for one. I haven't registered ANY cards with Concora Credit and have never heard of them. Someone is trying to open a credit card using my personal information, made an unauthorized hard inquiry on my credit report and are now trying to obtain my personal identification numbers! How do I get this hard inquiry off of my credit and how do I get this account closed and report the fraudulent activity? There are no numbers to contact that do not require my social security number and I refuse to provide that.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "144XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CLGF Holdco 1, LLC",
  "date_received": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX I got an email from Concora Credit thanking me for \" registering '' an Indigo Mastercard account. At the same time I received an email confirming my enrollment in paperless billing. One minute later another email saying my email address had been updated. It offered a number to call if I had not authorized the change. I never even applied for the credit card! I've never registered ANYTHING with Concora Credit and in fact, have never heard of them. I called the number and in order to be \" connected '' it asked me to provide my 9 digit social security number. I did NOT do this. I attempted to try and find other numbers for this creditor - every number I called requested my social security number which I refuse to provide so hung up. Later that same evening, I received a Credit Karma email stating that a hard pull on my credit report had been added to my credit report. I logged into my XXXX XXXX account and there it was - CB Indigo. I never applied for this card. Today, XX/XX/XXXX, I received a letter in the mail stating that my account was temporary blocked and in order to \" access '' my account I would need to provide a copy of my driver 's license OR my US passport OR a military ID card. I do not have an Indigo Mastercard nor have I applied for one. I haven't registered ANY cards with Concora Credit and have never heard of them. Someone is trying to open a credit card using my personal information, made an unauthorized hard inquiry on my credit report and are now trying to obtain my personal identification numbers! How do I get this hard inquiry off of my credit and how do I get this account closed and report the fraudulent activity? There are no numbers to contact that do not require my social security number and I refuse to provide that."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx i got an email from concora credit thanking me for " registering'' an indigo mastercard account. at the same time i received an email confirming my enrollment in paperless billing. one minute later another email saying my email address had been updated. it offered a number to call if i had not authorized the change. i never even applied for the credit card! i've never registered anything with concora credit and in fact, have never heard of them. i called the number and in order to be " connected'' it asked me to provide my 9 digit social security number. i did not do this. i attempted to try and find other numbers for this creditor - every number i called requested my social security number which i refuse to provide so hung up. later that same evening, i received a credit karma email stating that a hard pull on my credit report had been added to my credit report. i logged into my xxxx xxxx account and there it was - cb indigo. i never applied for this card. today, xx / xx / xxxx, i received a letter in the mail stating that my account was temporary blocked and in order to " access'' my account i would need to provide a copy of my driver's license or my us passport or a military id card. i do not have an indigo mastercard nor have i applied for one. i haven't registered any cards with concora credit and have never heard of them. someone is trying to open a credit card using my personal information, made an unauthorized hard inquiry on my credit report and are now trying to obtain my personal identification numbers! how do i get this hard inquiry off of my credit and how do i get this account closed and report the fraudulent activity? there are no numbers to contact that do not require my social security number and i refuse to provide that.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990667700767517
}
