Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9112081,
  "complaint_id": "9112081",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I made an international transaction using my Chase Sapphire XXXX credit card on XXXX  for an apartment in XXXX from XX/XX/XXXX to the XXXX. Upon arriving at the property, the landlord was not present and expected us to set the entire apartment up with him on a video conference call. The night of the XXXX, we discovered there was NO hot water, NO heating, and No access to half of the appliances in the kitchen as they were inoperable. The next morning we contact XXXX  and described the situation and asked for relocation or a refund due to the issue and were denied both. Over the next couple of days, we contacted XXXX countless times and they pleaded with the landlord to come fix the hot water issue and the final day, the landlord begrudgingly agreed and told us upon arriving we were not his slaves. We contacted JP Morgan Chase Bank about the situation and filed a partial dispute {$350.00} because the services provided were not as described. Chase took 21 days to investigate the dispute, calling me countless times for additional information and telling me on XX/XX/XXXX they would call me back on XX/XX/XXXX to resolve the dispute. Today, XX/XX/XXXX, I called them because they never called me and they denied the claim in entirety saying that when I checked into the apartment I voided all dispute rights even though they clearly have policies around disputing services that are not as described. I pushed back firmly clearly articulating my reasoning and they finally offered me a courtesy credit of {$100.00} most likely to keep me as a customer. I reviewed the dispute outcome letter provided by Chase and XXXX and XXXX provided fraudulent and inaccurate information stating the the landlord showed us how to use the hot water, which he did not and also provided a customer call timeline with a note underneath saying that the call log represented that we ( the guest ) had agreed that everything had been resolved. This was NOT the case. The call log represented the countless times we called XXXX to try and get them to resolve or compensate us for the horrible experience we had. Neither Chase nor XXXX acted ethically and it is absolutely unacceptable that XXXX falsified information to Chase to ensure the dispute outcome would be in their favor. This is not only illegal but is unacceptable business practice in the United States and if escalated can impose serious consequences and penalties. I expect Chase to make this dispute right and honor their dispute policies and procedures fairly and accurately.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "787XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I made an international transaction using my Chase Sapphire XXXX credit card on XXXX  for an apartment in XXXX from XX/XX/XXXX to the XXXX. Upon arriving at the property, the landlord was not present and expected us to set the entire apartment up with him on a video conference call. The night of the XXXX, we discovered there was NO hot water, NO heating, and No access to half of the appliances in the kitchen as they were inoperable. The next morning we contact XXXX  and described the situation and asked for relocation or a refund due to the issue and were denied both. Over the next couple of days, we contacted XXXX countless times and they pleaded with the landlord to come fix the hot water issue and the final day, the landlord begrudgingly agreed and told us upon arriving we were not his slaves. We contacted JP Morgan Chase Bank about the situation and filed a partial dispute {$350.00} because the services provided were not as described. Chase took 21 days to investigate the dispute, calling me countless times for additional information and telling me on XX/XX/XXXX they would call me back on XX/XX/XXXX to resolve the dispute. Today, XX/XX/XXXX, I called them because they never called me and they denied the claim in entirety saying that when I checked into the apartment I voided all dispute rights even though they clearly have policies around disputing services that are not as described. I pushed back firmly clearly articulating my reasoning and they finally offered me a courtesy credit of {$100.00} most likely to keep me as a customer. I reviewed the dispute outcome letter provided by Chase and XXXX and XXXX provided fraudulent and inaccurate information stating the the landlord showed us how to use the hot water, which he did not and also provided a customer call timeline with a note underneath saying that the call log represented that we ( the guest ) had agreed that everything had been resolved. This was NOT the case. The call log represented the countless times we called XXXX to try and get them to resolve or compensate us for the horrible experience we had. Neither Chase nor XXXX acted ethically and it is absolutely unacceptable that XXXX falsified information to Chase to ensure the dispute outcome would be in their favor. This is not only illegal but is unacceptable business practice in the United States and if escalated can impose serious consequences and penalties. I expect Chase to make this dispute right and honor their dispute policies and procedures fairly and accurately."
}

Chunk:
accurately.

Result:
{
  "label": "POSITIVE",
  "score": 0.9997993111610413
}
