Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9255616,
  "complaint_id": "9255616",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have 2 complaints and this is Financial Malpractice : 1 ) My credit limit was reduced drastically from XXXX $ to XXXX XXXX Now my credit card shows has \" Over credit Limit '' as there is approximately more than a XXXX $ over credit limit in balance which has severely impacted my credit score, plus this also reduced my available credit overall which has severely impacted my credit score, causing financial distress and has impacted all areas of my life financially. I am not making monthly payments for a credit card I can not use ( As the available credit is XXXX $ ) and paying interest on top of this. This is malpractice where Upgrade Inc. approves a credit line and then suddenly drastically reduces the credit limit ( Based on credit scores as a reason ) and the consumer is put in a situation where the credit card can not be used anymore, and monthly payments are being made with interest with no use of the card. Basically, Upgarde Inc. provides a credit line, reduces the credit limit and indirectly makes this like a loan with a high interest payment. This must be addressed with these small financial institutions who are using legal loopholes to cause severe financial distress to the customer for their own gain. They should not be allowed to run financial institutions in the United States with these kind of undercover financial malpractices. Every area of my life has been impacted by this company due to severe credit score impact.\n\n2 ) A monthly payment was made on XX/XX/year> in the amount of {$1600.00} by mistake as Upgrade Inc. does not show a confirmation page with the amount before submitting the payment. I meant to make the minimum monthly payment, but instead, the payment defaults to the full amount and Upgrade Inc. hides the amount in the confirmation page before submitting the payment. In this case, the customer would not know what payment amount is being made ( Every Major financial institution has this process in place ). This is to mislead the customer and make them pay a full amount, by hiding the amount on the confirmation page. After submitting this payment, I immediately tried to cancel it ( In 30 seconds ) for {$1600.00} and they would not let me cancel. So my entire salary I received the same day was taken by Upgrade Inc . I contacted customer service and they said that they can not do anything about it via an email. There are no communication channels in place and they have a live chat option which is not operational. The website is very amateur for a financial institution where you can not even see the detailed account summary. Now this has caused me to lose my entire salary without being able to pay for rent or food. The I sincerely hope this financial institution is held accountable for their malpractices. \n\nThanks Very Much.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "07601",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Upgrade, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "I have 2 complaints and this is Financial Malpractice : 1 ) My credit limit was reduced drastically from XXXX $ to XXXX XXXX Now my credit card shows has \" Over credit Limit '' as there is approximately more than a XXXX $ over credit limit in balance which has severely impacted my credit score, plus this also reduced my available credit overall which has severely impacted my credit score, causing financial distress and has impacted all areas of my life financially. I am not making monthly payments for a credit card I can not use ( As the available credit is XXXX $ ) and paying interest on top of this. This is malpractice where Upgrade Inc. approves a credit line and then suddenly drastically reduces the credit limit ( Based on credit scores as a reason ) and the consumer is put in a situation where the credit card can not be used anymore, and monthly payments are being made with interest with no use of the card. Basically, Upgarde Inc. provides a credit line, reduces the credit limit and indirectly makes this like a loan with a high interest payment. This must be addressed with these small financial institutions who are using legal loopholes to cause severe financial distress to the customer for their own gain. They should not be allowed to run financial institutions in the United States with these kind of undercover financial malpractices. Every area of my life has been impacted by this company due to severe credit score impact.\n\n2 ) A monthly payment was made on XX/XX/year> in the amount of {$1600.00} by mistake as Upgrade Inc. does not show a confirmation page with the amount before submitting the payment. I meant to make the minimum monthly payment, but instead, the payment defaults to the full amount and Upgrade Inc. hides the amount in the confirmation page before submitting the payment. In this case, the customer would not know what payment amount is being made ( Every Major financial institution has this process in place ). This is to mislead the customer and make them pay a full amount, by hiding the amount on the confirmation page. After submitting this payment, I immediately tried to cancel it ( In 30 seconds ) for {$1600.00} and they would not let me cancel. So my entire salary I received the same day was taken by Upgrade Inc . I contacted customer service and they said that they can not do anything about it via an email. There are no communication channels in place and they have a live chat option which is not operational. The website is very amateur for a financial institution where you can not even see the detailed account summary. Now this has caused me to lose my entire salary without being able to pay for rent or food. The I sincerely hope this financial institution is held accountable for their malpractices. \n\nThanks Very Much."
}

Chunk:
is very amateur for a financial institution where you can not even see the detailed account summary. now this has caused me to lose my entire salary without being able to pay for rent or food. the i sincerely hope this financial institution is held accountable for their malpractices. thanks very much.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9863764643669128
}
