Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9113753,
  "complaint_id": "9113753",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I received a credit card in the mail on XX/XX/year> that I did not apply for at Capital One banking. I immediately reached out to their customer support number to get some answers. The first operator I talked to said she would not be able to help me unless I gave her my SSN. I refused to give that out because I dont even bank with Capital One nor have I ever had an account with them. She then referred me to her supervisor. I gave her the card numbers that was on the card I received in the mail and asked to see if she could tell me at least what date it was requested or how it was requested ( phone, email, etc. ) She said she could not provide me with any answers since I didnt want to give me information out therefore she couldnt see the account. I again stated that I do not have an account with them to begin with. She said the only thing she could do is file a report which then she asked for my name, DOB, address, phone number. I gave those to her and she then mentioned that I should file a police report and also report it here.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "231XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "VA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Sent card you never applied for",
  "text": "I received a credit card in the mail on XX/XX/year> that I did not apply for at Capital One banking. I immediately reached out to their customer support number to get some answers. The first operator I talked to said she would not be able to help me unless I gave her my SSN. I refused to give that out because I dont even bank with Capital One nor have I ever had an account with them. She then referred me to her supervisor. I gave her the card numbers that was on the card I received in the mail and asked to see if she could tell me at least what date it was requested or how it was requested ( phone, email, etc. ) She said she could not provide me with any answers since I didnt want to give me information out therefore she couldnt see the account. I again stated that I do not have an account with them to begin with. She said the only thing she could do is file a report which then she asked for my name, DOB, address, phone number. I gave those to her and she then mentioned that I should file a police report and also report it here."
}

Chunk:
i received a credit card in the mail on xx / xx / year > that i did not apply for at capital one banking. i immediately reached out to their customer support number to get some answers. the first operator i talked to said she would not be able to help me unless i gave her my ssn. i refused to give that out because i dont even bank with capital one nor have i ever had an account with them. she then referred me to her supervisor. i gave her the card numbers that was on the card i received in the mail and asked to see if she could tell me at least what date it was requested or how it was requested ( phone, email, etc. ) she said she could not provide me with any answers since i didnt want to give me information out therefore she couldnt see the account. i again stated that i do not have an account with them to begin with. she said the only thing she could do is file a report which then she asked for my name, dob, address, phone number. i gave those to her and she then mentioned that i should file a police report and also report it here.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993485808372498
}
