Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9530870,
  "complaint_id": "9530870",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I want to make a complaint about the predatory practices of the Macys card. I had a Macys store card but had not received a new physical card after my previous one expired. \n\nWhen I went to a store to ask about this, an associate had told me that my card had been closed due to inactivity. The associate then proceeded to offer to open a new card, to which I declined. \n\nI was under the impression that I had no Macys card until I received a letter about a change in credit card terms. After nearly an hour on hold, I spoke with a representative who told me that my old card is still open and active... which means that associate had lied to me. \n\nMy parents also had a similar experience where they were told their card was closed due to inactivity, but my mom did proceed to open a new card. Which in turn, would have given that associate their incentive money. While I did not fall for this con, I want to alert the government to this predatory practice. \n\nI believe that there is a widespread scam being done by Macys associates where they say your card is closed so that you open a new one, so that the associate can get their incentive money. This is extremely unethical and must be investigated.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "33139",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "I want to make a complaint about the predatory practices of the Macys card. I had a Macys store card but had not received a new physical card after my previous one expired. \n\nWhen I went to a store to ask about this, an associate had told me that my card had been closed due to inactivity. The associate then proceeded to offer to open a new card, to which I declined. \n\nI was under the impression that I had no Macys card until I received a letter about a change in credit card terms. After nearly an hour on hold, I spoke with a representative who told me that my old card is still open and active... which means that associate had lied to me. \n\nMy parents also had a similar experience where they were told their card was closed due to inactivity, but my mom did proceed to open a new card. Which in turn, would have given that associate their incentive money. While I did not fall for this con, I want to alert the government to this predatory practice. \n\nI believe that there is a widespread scam being done by Macys associates where they say your card is closed so that you open a new one, so that the associate can get their incentive money. This is extremely unethical and must be investigated."
}

Chunk:
i want to make a complaint about the predatory practices of the macys card. i had a macys store card but had not received a new physical card after my previous one expired. when i went to a store to ask about this, an associate had told me that my card had been closed due to inactivity. the associate then proceeded to offer to open a new card, to which i declined. i was under the impression that i had no macys card until i received a letter about a change in credit card terms. after nearly an hour on hold, i spoke with a representative who told me that my old card is still open and active... which means that associate had lied to me. my parents also had a similar experience where they were told their card was closed due to inactivity, but my mom did proceed to open a new card. which in turn, would have given that associate their incentive money. while i did not fall for this con, i want to alert the government to this predatory practice. i believe that there is a widespread scam being done by macys associates where they say your card is closed so that you open a new one, so that the associate can get their incentive money. this is extremely unethical and must be investigated.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988313317298889
}
