Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9361172,
  "complaint_id": "9361172",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I fell ill in late XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXX/XX/XXXX and was out of work with no pay for XXXX weeks. I contacted XXXX Credit Card company late XXXX for financial assistance as I could not get my feet back on the ground once returning to work. I originally was told I qualified for credit protection, that I have been paying for the entire time I had this card. I did exactly what they told me to do supplied with a note from my doctor. I did not hear back for over 30 days ( the time told it may take to process ). When I reached back out I was told by a supervisor I was declined from the program as it turns out I did not meet the requirements for credit protection like they originally thought. Because I was not out of work for XXXX days or more, it was only XXXX days, they declined the protection. Keeping in mind I only signed up for credit protection as my chronic documented medical illness was supposed to be covered by their protection provided I have doctors notes of being under a doctor 's care for a significant amount of time ( as it is in all my other credit cards too, suffering from illness for XXXX years now so I am always sure to check this ). The supervisor was extremely rude saying if I was sick for longer I would qualify but I was about XXXX week short of that. He said I could do the re-age program and sent me over to sign up for that. Lovely woman got me all set up, she told me if I sign up to split my delinquent amount up into XXXX autopay monthly payments my account would be current so long as I made all XXXX payments. I have made XXXX of the XXXX ( XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX ) and got a notice of my account still being past due ( today XX/XX/XXXX ). I contacted the company to which I was told the re-age program does NOT bring accounts current until AFTER the payments are made, thus my credit will be hit when the XXXX days ( month XXXX ) of the program ends. I would never have signed up for this program if it was going to affect my credit, I would have worked to try to find other arrangements to make my account current. Now, we are months into trying to get assistance to no avail all while my credit is taking massive hits. The only thing I was told repeatedly today when asking how this re-age program will affect my credit and what options I have is a repeated response \" we report fairly and accurately, I recommend calling in for further assistance. '' At this point, this response seems extremely sketchy that they offered me this program but will not speak to how it affects my credit. In doing some research on my own I'm seeing re-age programs are illegal? I am at a loss and don't even trust this company so looking for assistance from anyone who can tell me what is going on, what is best for me, and how this credit card has impacted my credit score.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "27613",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Continental Finance Company, LLC",
  "date_received": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Their investigation did not fix an error on your report",
  "text": "I fell ill in late XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXX/XX/XXXX and was out of work with no pay for XXXX weeks. I contacted XXXX Credit Card company late XXXX for financial assistance as I could not get my feet back on the ground once returning to work. I originally was told I qualified for credit protection, that I have been paying for the entire time I had this card. I did exactly what they told me to do supplied with a note from my doctor. I did not hear back for over 30 days ( the time told it may take to process ). When I reached back out I was told by a supervisor I was declined from the program as it turns out I did not meet the requirements for credit protection like they originally thought. Because I was not out of work for XXXX days or more, it was only XXXX days, they declined the protection. Keeping in mind I only signed up for credit protection as my chronic documented medical illness was supposed to be covered by their protection provided I have doctors notes of being under a doctor 's care for a significant amount of time ( as it is in all my other credit cards too, suffering from illness for XXXX years now so I am always sure to check this ). The supervisor was extremely rude saying if I was sick for longer I would qualify but I was about XXXX week short of that. He said I could do the re-age program and sent me over to sign up for that. Lovely woman got me all set up, she told me if I sign up to split my delinquent amount up into XXXX autopay monthly payments my account would be current so long as I made all XXXX payments. I have made XXXX of the XXXX ( XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX ) and got a notice of my account still being past due ( today XX/XX/XXXX ). I contacted the company to which I was told the re-age program does NOT bring accounts current until AFTER the payments are made, thus my credit will be hit when the XXXX days ( month XXXX ) of the program ends. I would never have signed up for this program if it was going to affect my credit, I would have worked to try to find other arrangements to make my account current. Now, we are months into trying to get assistance to no avail all while my credit is taking massive hits. The only thing I was told repeatedly today when asking how this re-age program will affect my credit and what options I have is a repeated response \" we report fairly and accurately, I recommend calling in for further assistance. '' At this point, this response seems extremely sketchy that they offered me this program but will not speak to how it affects my credit. In doing some research on my own I'm seeing re-age programs are illegal? I am at a loss and don't even trust this company so looking for assistance from anyone who can tell me what is going on, what is best for me, and how this credit card has impacted my credit score."
}

Chunk:
i fell ill in late xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxx / xx / xxxx and was out of work with no pay for xxxx weeks. i contacted xxxx credit card company late xxxx for financial assistance as i could not get my feet back on the ground once returning to work. i originally was told i qualified for credit protection, that i have been paying for the entire time i had this card. i did exactly what they told me to do supplied with a note from my doctor. i did not hear back for over 30 days ( the time told it may take to process ). when i reached back out i was told by a supervisor i was declined from the program as it turns out i did not meet the requirements for credit protection like they originally thought. because i was not out of work for xxxx days or more, it was only xxxx days, they declined the protection. keeping in mind i only signed up for credit protection as my chronic documented medical illness was supposed to be covered by their protection provided i have doctors notes of being under a doctor's care for a significant amount of time ( as it is in all my other credit cards too, suffering from illness for xxxx years now so i am always sure to check this ). the supervisor was extremely rude saying if i was sick for longer i would qualify but i was about xxxx week short of that. he said i could do the re - age program and sent me over to sign up for that. lovely woman got me all set up, she told me if i sign up to split my delinquent amount up into xxxx autopay monthly payments my account would be current so long as i made all xxxx payments. i have made xxxx of the xxxx ( xx / xx / xxxx and xx / xx / xxxx ) and got a notice of my account still being past due ( today xx / xx / xxxx ). i contacted the company to which i was told the re - age program does not bring accounts current until after the payments are made, thus my credit will be hit when the xxxx days ( month xxxx ) of the program ends. i would never have signed up for this program if it was going to affect my credit, i would have worked to try to find other arrangements to make my account current. now, we are months into trying to get assistance to no avail all while my credit is taking massive hits. the only thing i was told repeatedly today when asking how this re - age

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999049723148346
}
