Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9126205,
  "complaint_id": "9126205",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Citicards account ending XXXX originall later changed to XXXX is providing inaccurate information on my credit reports that I was 150 days late with making a payment. That information is wrong. I mailed and paid XXXX statement on time. XXXX copy of check and statement will be provided. So I was really only 120 days late. At 150 days late they claim the account went into a charge off/collections. Well because it was not 150 days late, that would make that information invalid. Also I was never contacted or dealt with an outside agency. I continued to pay every month from XXXX to XXXX directly to Citi until it was paid off. However after XXXX they were negligent in not sending me statements anymore and I had to reuse XXXX statement over again. Many months Citi did not process my payments for as much as XXXX to 18 days. Also as a result of there negligence in no longer sending statements. I overpaid Citi XXXX in XXXX and sent a {$500.00} payment in XXXX do to a mathematical error because they werent sending me statements. They had to than issue me a credit balance refund of {$710.00}. Its also worth noting there information reported to each agency varies. Its all over the place. XXXX shows that the total amount late was only 120 days. There are XXXX issues, XXXX, I was not 150 days late paying, I was 120 days late and can prove it. Therefore even if they had charged it off it would be invalid because chargeoffs begin at 150 days late. XXXX, there was never a charge off or collections involved. I was never contacted by any third party collections agency and I paid Citi off directly until I was over paid starting in XXXX. I have tried disputing this several times with a XXXX reporting agencys. I have also attempted to work this out with Citi and sent a large amount of files proving this. It was clear, yet they mailed a response that the clear information provided did not show their errors of misinformation. It was very clear. I have replied with there mailed response with the information a second time. As a result of their unwillingness to take the time to look back at there files using my files and denying they provided inaccurate info including the fact there information is all over the place and varies widely from credit reporting agency to credit report agency, it was now time to file an official complaint with the CFPB to step in and help correct there errors which negatively impacts my credit score. No other credit card I had or have on file ever went over 120 days late as I began paying them all back the same month after I got better from being ill and out of work, however Citi makes an error publishes inaccurate information, is made aware of it and denies they made a mistake or correct it. Its time to set the record straight. I have been disputing this inaccurate information by them months now. The information is wrong.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Incorrect information on your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "08816",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Account information incorrect",
  "text": "Citicards account ending XXXX originall later changed to XXXX is providing inaccurate information on my credit reports that I was 150 days late with making a payment. That information is wrong. I mailed and paid XXXX statement on time. XXXX copy of check and statement will be provided. So I was really only 120 days late. At 150 days late they claim the account went into a charge off/collections. Well because it was not 150 days late, that would make that information invalid. Also I was never contacted or dealt with an outside agency. I continued to pay every month from XXXX to XXXX directly to Citi until it was paid off. However after XXXX they were negligent in not sending me statements anymore and I had to reuse XXXX statement over again. Many months Citi did not process my payments for as much as XXXX to 18 days. Also as a result of there negligence in no longer sending statements. I overpaid Citi XXXX in XXXX and sent a {$500.00} payment in XXXX do to a mathematical error because they werent sending me statements. They had to than issue me a credit balance refund of {$710.00}. Its also worth noting there information reported to each agency varies. Its all over the place. XXXX shows that the total amount late was only 120 days. There are XXXX issues, XXXX, I was not 150 days late paying, I was 120 days late and can prove it. Therefore even if they had charged it off it would be invalid because chargeoffs begin at 150 days late. XXXX, there was never a charge off or collections involved. I was never contacted by any third party collections agency and I paid Citi off directly until I was over paid starting in XXXX. I have tried disputing this several times with a XXXX reporting agencys. I have also attempted to work this out with Citi and sent a large amount of files proving this. It was clear, yet they mailed a response that the clear information provided did not show their errors of misinformation. It was very clear. I have replied with there mailed response with the information a second time. As a result of their unwillingness to take the time to look back at there files using my files and denying they provided inaccurate info including the fact there information is all over the place and varies widely from credit reporting agency to credit report agency, it was now time to file an official complaint with the CFPB to step in and help correct there errors which negatively impacts my credit score. No other credit card I had or have on file ever went over 120 days late as I began paying them all back the same month after I got better from being ill and out of work, however Citi makes an error publishes inaccurate information, is made aware of it and denies they made a mistake or correct it. Its time to set the record straight. I have been disputing this inaccurate information by them months now. The information is wrong."
}

Chunk:
the cfpb to step in and help correct there errors which negatively impacts my credit score. no other credit card i had or have on file ever went over 120 days late as i began paying them all back the same month after i got better from being ill and out of work, however citi makes an error publishes inaccurate information, is made aware of it and denies they made a mistake or correct it. its time to set the record straight. i have been disputing this inaccurate information by them months now. the information is wrong.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9997041821479797
}
