Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9218877,
  "complaint_id": "9218877",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX XXXX XXXX Address : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX SC XXXX Date : XX/XX/year> Reason : Investigation Request To Whom It may Concern, I received a copy of my credit report with the intention of trying to gain a better understanding of my credit score ( XXXX, XXXX, XXXX ) and see what accounts I had listed on my reports. I know it is my responsibility to monitor my credit report and take responsibility of what is on my credit report. Upon reviewing my report I noticed some inconsistencies in information showing. Im not sure if the information is supposed to be listed this way. Read that under the Fair Credit reporting Act that as a consumer I have a right to have my credit report Investigated for inaccurate information that is being reported. I am not familiar with the laws but or you familiar with something called 15 U.S.C. 1681i ( a ) I read that if you can not provide proof of why account or listed inaccurate on my credit report then you must delete the item. This is what actually got me to send you this letter because I was to make sure that the information on my credit report is reporting correctly. So Please investigate the following account for inaccurate information.1 ) XXXXNavy Federal CU Account XXXX XXXX ). Navy Federal CU account number-XXXX XXXX )XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  account number-XXXX XXXX ) XXXX XXXX XXXX account numberXXXX XXXX ). navy federal credit union account numberXXXX XXXX ). XXXX XXXX account numberXXXX i request that you complete a fair investigation into this matter and update my credit report and it is vital that the accuracy and intergrity of my credit history. I do not have any other names or aliases and I do not desire any other names or aliases to be retained or reported on my credit profile. I do not have any other address or addresses associated with my name other than the address listed above. Please remove all the other addresses, names, social security numbers and phone numbers from my report, as they are not deliverable to me by the XXXX XXXX XXXX, or they are not associated with me and are not reportable as per FCRA, since they are inaccurate. Please send me my updated credit report showing these corrections made. Looking forward to your response Thank You",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Incorrect information on your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "29456",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "SC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Information belongs to someone else",
  "text": "XXXX XXXX XXXX Address : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX SC XXXX Date : XX/XX/year> Reason : Investigation Request To Whom It may Concern, I received a copy of my credit report with the intention of trying to gain a better understanding of my credit score ( XXXX, XXXX, XXXX ) and see what accounts I had listed on my reports. I know it is my responsibility to monitor my credit report and take responsibility of what is on my credit report. Upon reviewing my report I noticed some inconsistencies in information showing. Im not sure if the information is supposed to be listed this way. Read that under the Fair Credit reporting Act that as a consumer I have a right to have my credit report Investigated for inaccurate information that is being reported. I am not familiar with the laws but or you familiar with something called 15 U.S.C. 1681i ( a ) I read that if you can not provide proof of why account or listed inaccurate on my credit report then you must delete the item. This is what actually got me to send you this letter because I was to make sure that the information on my credit report is reporting correctly. So Please investigate the following account for inaccurate information.1 ) XXXXNavy Federal CU Account XXXX XXXX ). Navy Federal CU account number-XXXX XXXX )XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  account number-XXXX XXXX ) XXXX XXXX XXXX account numberXXXX XXXX ). navy federal credit union account numberXXXX XXXX ). XXXX XXXX account numberXXXX i request that you complete a fair investigation into this matter and update my credit report and it is vital that the accuracy and intergrity of my credit history. I do not have any other names or aliases and I do not desire any other names or aliases to be retained or reported on my credit profile. I do not have any other address or addresses associated with my name other than the address listed above. Please remove all the other addresses, names, social security numbers and phone numbers from my report, as they are not deliverable to me by the XXXX XXXX XXXX, or they are not associated with me and are not reportable as per FCRA, since they are inaccurate. Please send me my updated credit report showing these corrections made. Looking forward to your response Thank You"
}

Chunk:
xxxx xxxx xxxx address : xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx sc xxxx date : xx / xx / year > reason : investigation request to whom it may concern, i received a copy of my credit report with the intention of trying to gain a better understanding of my credit score ( xxxx, xxxx, xxxx ) and see what accounts i had listed on my reports. i know it is my responsibility to monitor my credit report and take responsibility of what is on my credit report. upon reviewing my report i noticed some inconsistencies in information showing. im not sure if the information is supposed to be listed this way. read that under the fair credit reporting act that as a consumer i have a right to have my credit report investigated for inaccurate information that is being reported. i am not familiar with the laws but or you familiar with something called 15 u. s. c. 1681i ( a ) i read that if you can not provide proof of why account or listed inaccurate on my credit report then you must delete the item. this is what actually got me to send you this letter because i was to make sure that the information on my credit report is reporting correctly. so please investigate the following account for inaccurate information. 1 ) xxxxnavy federal cu account xxxx xxxx ). navy federal cu account number - xxxx xxxx ) xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx account number - xxxx xxxx ) xxxx xxxx xxxx account numberxxxx xxxx ). navy federal credit union account numberxxxx xxxx ). xxxx xxxx account numberxxxx i request that you complete a fair investigation into this matter and update my credit report and it is vital that the accuracy and intergrity of my credit history. i do not have any other names or aliases and i do not desire any other names or aliases to be retained or reported on my credit profile. i do not have any other address or addresses associated with my name other than the address listed above. please remove all the other addresses, names, social security numbers and phone numbers from my report, as they are not deliverable to me by the xxxx xxxx xxxx, or they are not associated with me and are not reportable as per fcra, since they are inaccurate. please send me my updated credit report showing these corrections made. looking forward to your response thank you

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9956673383712769
}
