Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9277339,
  "complaint_id": "9277339",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to formally request the reason for the closure of my Best Buy Citibank credit card account associated with [ XXX-XXXX-XXXX- XXXX ]. This decision is motivated by a series of concerning incidents and unresolved issues that have severely impacted my trust and confidence in CITI Bank 's services. \n\nOn [ XX/XX/year> ], I filed a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) regarding several issues I encountered with my account. Subsequently, I received a call from a representative that did not adequately address my concerns and demonstrated a lack of professionalism and empathy. \n\nFurthermore, I have experienced ongoing problems with my account, including : Incorrect Over-limit Charges : My account repeatedly went over the limit due to recurring interest charges, despite no new transactions. This was exacerbated by an incorrect payment processing issue when I attempted to rectify the situation with a {$1000.00} payment. \n\nUnresolved Payment Issues : Despite multiple attempts to cancel a payment and numerous calls to Citibank, the incorrect payment amount was processed. This led to further complications, including the closure of my bank account for alleged fraud, which Citibank attributed to erroneous information regarding my credit score from XXXX. \n\nRetaliatory Account Closure : Following my complaint to the CFPB and the unresolved issues with my account, I was informed by CITI Bank representatives that canceling a specific payment could result in account closure and affect my credit. Despite multiple requests to cancel this payment, I was unable to do so. This threat was carried out, resulting in the closure of my account, which has had significant adverse effects on my financial stability. \n\nThese issues not only caused financial inconvenience but also led to the unwarranted closure of my bank account, which has had significant implications on my financial affairs. \n\nI would like to bring to your attention that according to the rules and regulations governing credit card issuers, including but not limited to those set forth by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ), customers are entitled to fair and transparent treatment, accurate billing, and timely resolution of disputes. The actions taken by Citibank in my case have not adhered to these standards.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "14227",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "I am writing to formally request the reason for the closure of my Best Buy Citibank credit card account associated with [ XXX-XXXX-XXXX- XXXX ]. This decision is motivated by a series of concerning incidents and unresolved issues that have severely impacted my trust and confidence in CITI Bank 's services. \n\nOn [ XX/XX/year> ], I filed a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) regarding several issues I encountered with my account. Subsequently, I received a call from a representative that did not adequately address my concerns and demonstrated a lack of professionalism and empathy. \n\nFurthermore, I have experienced ongoing problems with my account, including : Incorrect Over-limit Charges : My account repeatedly went over the limit due to recurring interest charges, despite no new transactions. This was exacerbated by an incorrect payment processing issue when I attempted to rectify the situation with a {$1000.00} payment. \n\nUnresolved Payment Issues : Despite multiple attempts to cancel a payment and numerous calls to Citibank, the incorrect payment amount was processed. This led to further complications, including the closure of my bank account for alleged fraud, which Citibank attributed to erroneous information regarding my credit score from XXXX. \n\nRetaliatory Account Closure : Following my complaint to the CFPB and the unresolved issues with my account, I was informed by CITI Bank representatives that canceling a specific payment could result in account closure and affect my credit. Despite multiple requests to cancel this payment, I was unable to do so. This threat was carried out, resulting in the closure of my account, which has had significant adverse effects on my financial stability. \n\nThese issues not only caused financial inconvenience but also led to the unwarranted closure of my bank account, which has had significant implications on my financial affairs. \n\nI would like to bring to your attention that according to the rules and regulations governing credit card issuers, including but not limited to those set forth by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ), customers are entitled to fair and transparent treatment, accurate billing, and timely resolution of disputes. The actions taken by Citibank in my case have not adhered to these standards."
}

Chunk:
i am writing to formally request the reason for the closure of my best buy citibank credit card account associated with [ xxx - xxxx - xxxx - xxxx ]. this decision is motivated by a series of concerning incidents and unresolved issues that have severely impacted my trust and confidence in citi bank's services. on [ xx / xx / year > ], i filed a complaint with the consumer financial protection bureau ( cfpb ) regarding several issues i encountered with my account. subsequently, i received a call from a representative that did not adequately address my concerns and demonstrated a lack of professionalism and empathy. furthermore, i have experienced ongoing problems with my account, including : incorrect over - limit charges : my account repeatedly went over the limit due to recurring interest charges, despite no new transactions. this was exacerbated by an incorrect payment processing issue when i attempted to rectify the situation with a { $ 1000. 00 } payment. unresolved payment issues : despite multiple attempts to cancel a payment and numerous calls to citibank, the incorrect payment amount was processed. this led to further complications, including the closure of my bank account for alleged fraud, which citibank attributed to erroneous information regarding my credit score from xxxx. retaliatory account closure : following my complaint to the cfpb and the unresolved issues with my account, i was informed by citi bank representatives that canceling a specific payment could result in account closure and affect my credit. despite multiple requests to cancel this payment, i was unable to do so. this threat was carried out, resulting in the closure of my account, which has had significant adverse effects on my financial stability. these issues not only caused financial inconvenience but also led to the unwarranted closure of my bank account, which has had significant implications on my financial affairs. i would like to bring to your attention that according to the rules and regulations governing credit card issuers, including but not limited to those set forth by the consumer financial protection bureau ( cfpb ), customers are entitled to fair and transparent treatment, accurate billing, and timely resolution of disputes. the actions taken by citibank in my case have not adhered to these standards.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995484948158264
}
