Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9340147,
  "complaint_id": "9340147",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/24 | wanted to purchase a pair of shoes at Macy 's. The cashier asked me if I wanted to use my Macy 's card. I said I didn't have one. She asked me did I want to sign up for one, I said I don't want a credit card. She said it's not a credit card. I said as long as it's not a credit card, then sure. \nShe pressed some keys on the keypad in front of me and then enters my ID information. She asked me to enter other information such as my DOB and SSN. I asked if she was certain this was not a credit card. This is a lot of information for a rewards card. She said it's not a credit card, it's a Macy 's card. I said it's not a credit card. She said no. She had me sign and I saw American Express on the screen. I said I do not want a credit card. The screen says American Express. She said, it just has it there for the people that are applying for a credit card. She then had me prove my information was correct and hit enter. She told me she needed to call customer service. I didnt understand why you would need to call customer service for a rewards card. I asked again if it was a credit card application and she said yes a charge card. I then asked to speak to her manager. The manager took me to the office where her associate XXXX helped clear up the mess. She had customer service cancel the application and reverse the hard credit inquiry.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "78258",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "On XX/XX/24 | wanted to purchase a pair of shoes at Macy 's. The cashier asked me if I wanted to use my Macy 's card. I said I didn't have one. She asked me did I want to sign up for one, I said I don't want a credit card. She said it's not a credit card. I said as long as it's not a credit card, then sure. \nShe pressed some keys on the keypad in front of me and then enters my ID information. She asked me to enter other information such as my DOB and SSN. I asked if she was certain this was not a credit card. This is a lot of information for a rewards card. She said it's not a credit card, it's a Macy 's card. I said it's not a credit card. She said no. She had me sign and I saw American Express on the screen. I said I do not want a credit card. The screen says American Express. She said, it just has it there for the people that are applying for a credit card. She then had me prove my information was correct and hit enter. She told me she needed to call customer service. I didnt understand why you would need to call customer service for a rewards card. I asked again if it was a credit card application and she said yes a charge card. I then asked to speak to her manager. The manager took me to the office where her associate XXXX helped clear up the mess. She had customer service cancel the application and reverse the hard credit inquiry."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / 24 | wanted to purchase a pair of shoes at macy's. the cashier asked me if i wanted to use my macy's card. i said i didn't have one. she asked me did i want to sign up for one, i said i don't want a credit card. she said it's not a credit card. i said as long as it's not a credit card, then sure. she pressed some keys on the keypad in front of me and then enters my id information. she asked me to enter other information such as my dob and ssn. i asked if she was certain this was not a credit card. this is a lot of information for a rewards card. she said it's not a credit card, it's a macy's card. i said it's not a credit card. she said no. she had me sign and i saw american express on the screen. i said i do not want a credit card. the screen says american express. she said, it just has it there for the people that are applying for a credit card. she then had me prove my information was correct and hit enter. she told me she needed to call customer service. i didnt understand why you would need to call customer service for a rewards card. i asked again if it was a credit card application and she said yes a charge card. i then asked to speak to her manager. the manager took me to the office where her associate xxxx helped clear up the mess. she had customer service cancel the application and reverse the hard credit inquiry.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991317391395569
}
