Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9047984,
  "complaint_id": "9047984",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I applied for a Navy Federal Credit Union platinum credit card. Which is known to be a consumer credit transaction in which I received no benefit. That is considered fraud. As mentioned in the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, any application is to be accept. This institution denied me due to my income. That is discrimination which makes it 2 violations of my right to credit. Stated in the act listed above, as well as the Truth In Lending Act. I reached out multiple times via phone, mail, and email. To request an approval for the credit card I applied for. In return I was told that they wasnt going to approve my request for extension of credit applied for. This has been very detrimental to my household. I have knot in my stomach. I lack sleep. My children were expecting what I promise they would have. I feel that my family has lost respect for me. I cant get my car fixed and because of that my child have to walk and sometimes catch a bus to and from school, in and thru a rough part of my community. This issue has gone on since XX/XX/year>, the day applied. Im hoping to hear from someone soon to get this matter resolved as quickly as possible. Thank you.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "08105",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Application denied",
  "text": "I applied for a Navy Federal Credit Union platinum credit card. Which is known to be a consumer credit transaction in which I received no benefit. That is considered fraud. As mentioned in the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, any application is to be accept. This institution denied me due to my income. That is discrimination which makes it 2 violations of my right to credit. Stated in the act listed above, as well as the Truth In Lending Act. I reached out multiple times via phone, mail, and email. To request an approval for the credit card I applied for. In return I was told that they wasnt going to approve my request for extension of credit applied for. This has been very detrimental to my household. I have knot in my stomach. I lack sleep. My children were expecting what I promise they would have. I feel that my family has lost respect for me. I cant get my car fixed and because of that my child have to walk and sometimes catch a bus to and from school, in and thru a rough part of my community. This issue has gone on since XX/XX/year>, the day applied. Im hoping to hear from someone soon to get this matter resolved as quickly as possible. Thank you."
}

Chunk:
i applied for a navy federal credit union platinum credit card. which is known to be a consumer credit transaction in which i received no benefit. that is considered fraud. as mentioned in the equal credit opportunity act, any application is to be accept. this institution denied me due to my income. that is discrimination which makes it 2 violations of my right to credit. stated in the act listed above, as well as the truth in lending act. i reached out multiple times via phone, mail, and email. to request an approval for the credit card i applied for. in return i was told that they wasnt going to approve my request for extension of credit applied for. this has been very detrimental to my household. i have knot in my stomach. i lack sleep. my children were expecting what i promise they would have. i feel that my family has lost respect for me. i cant get my car fixed and because of that my child have to walk and sometimes catch a bus to and from school, in and thru a rough part of my community. this issue has gone on since xx / xx / year >, the day applied. im hoping to hear from someone soon to get this matter resolved as quickly as possible. thank you.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990203380584717
}
