Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9409229,
  "complaint_id": "9409229",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "The reason I made this complaint was because I was excluded from some important self serve features via Citi online banking or app and my concern was simply ignored. These self serve features were widely available to account owners so we can view or update our important personal information on the accounts. I felt it was not right and most importantly I felt my account was less secured when a bank unfairly blocks me from viewing or editing my own personal info. \n\nOn XX/XX/2024 I was in need to update my phone number and found I was blocked from some self serve services online and app. I had to call customer service for help. A male from an oversea call center fully verified all my personal info on my account. However he did not update my phone number but transferred my call to a guy from the XXXX. Later on via an email survey I realized the American guy was from the fraud department. The guy from fraud department was able to update my phone number for me. But I was still blocked from viewing or editing my number online or app. That did not make any sense to me. \n\nOn XX/XX/2024 I voiced my concern and dissatisfaction with Citi customer service but was given no explanation or solution. Later on I found out someone from Citi made a negative inquiry to the XXXX on XX/XX/2024 and it had negative impact to my image/credibility, lowered my consumer score and created a wrongly bad impression to other banks. \n\nAnother week passed I was still blocked from viewing or editing my phone number. I felt very uncomfortable, unfair and unsafe to do business with a bank that discriminates me by offering less services without any legit reason and not addressing my dissatisfaction. I also felt having less confident in a bank that treats a legit account owner as a scammer after I had the same credit card with Citi for 15 years. \n\nI made a call on XX/XX/2024, a female from an oversea call center quickly closed my account upon my phone request. However the phone line was disconnected when I asked to speak to a supervisor. \n\nI felt it was necessary to find out what was the real reason for a bank continuously treating me as a scammer after they had fully verified and spoke to me on the phone more than once. Because if there was any error/false report going around damaging my creditability or image, I need to know the root cause and put a stop to that. I contacted Citi fraud department on XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/2024. I wanted to know why I was treated as a scammer when my account was open. I also asked if they had related or made any false negative report that might have misled them or others treating me unfavorably and unfairly but again I was not given any explanation, suggestion or a valid response. My request to speak to a supervisor was also denied. \n\nI appreciated Citi responded to my initial complaint via XXXX and would like to have this opportunity to provide more detail and some additional info. I also would like to understand why and what made Citi suggest/think that I was using a VPN?",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "98277",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "The reason I made this complaint was because I was excluded from some important self serve features via Citi online banking or app and my concern was simply ignored. These self serve features were widely available to account owners so we can view or update our important personal information on the accounts. I felt it was not right and most importantly I felt my account was less secured when a bank unfairly blocks me from viewing or editing my own personal info. \n\nOn XX/XX/2024 I was in need to update my phone number and found I was blocked from some self serve services online and app. I had to call customer service for help. A male from an oversea call center fully verified all my personal info on my account. However he did not update my phone number but transferred my call to a guy from the XXXX. Later on via an email survey I realized the American guy was from the fraud department. The guy from fraud department was able to update my phone number for me. But I was still blocked from viewing or editing my number online or app. That did not make any sense to me. \n\nOn XX/XX/2024 I voiced my concern and dissatisfaction with Citi customer service but was given no explanation or solution. Later on I found out someone from Citi made a negative inquiry to the XXXX on XX/XX/2024 and it had negative impact to my image/credibility, lowered my consumer score and created a wrongly bad impression to other banks. \n\nAnother week passed I was still blocked from viewing or editing my phone number. I felt very uncomfortable, unfair and unsafe to do business with a bank that discriminates me by offering less services without any legit reason and not addressing my dissatisfaction. I also felt having less confident in a bank that treats a legit account owner as a scammer after I had the same credit card with Citi for 15 years. \n\nI made a call on XX/XX/2024, a female from an oversea call center quickly closed my account upon my phone request. However the phone line was disconnected when I asked to speak to a supervisor. \n\nI felt it was necessary to find out what was the real reason for a bank continuously treating me as a scammer after they had fully verified and spoke to me on the phone more than once. Because if there was any error/false report going around damaging my creditability or image, I need to know the root cause and put a stop to that. I contacted Citi fraud department on XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/2024. I wanted to know why I was treated as a scammer when my account was open. I also asked if they had related or made any false negative report that might have misled them or others treating me unfavorably and unfairly but again I was not given any explanation, suggestion or a valid response. My request to speak to a supervisor was also denied. \n\nI appreciated Citi responded to my initial complaint via XXXX and would like to have this opportunity to provide more detail and some additional info. I also would like to understand why and what made Citi suggest/think that I was using a VPN?"
}

Chunk:
the reason i made this complaint was because i was excluded from some important self serve features via citi online banking or app and my concern was simply ignored. these self serve features were widely available to account owners so we can view or update our important personal information on the accounts. i felt it was not right and most importantly i felt my account was less secured when a bank unfairly blocks me from viewing or editing my own personal info. on xx / xx / 2024 i was in need to update my phone number and found i was blocked from some self serve services online and app. i had to call customer service for help. a male from an oversea call center fully verified all my personal info on my account. however he did not update my phone number but transferred my call to a guy from the xxxx. later on via an email survey i realized the american guy was from the fraud department. the guy from fraud department was able to update my phone number for me. but i was still blocked from viewing or editing my number online or app. that did not make any sense to me. on xx / xx / 2024 i voiced my concern and dissatisfaction with citi customer service but was given no explanation or solution. later on i found out someone from citi made a negative inquiry to the xxxx on xx / xx / 2024 and it had negative impact to my image / credibility, lowered my consumer score and created a wrongly bad impression to other banks. another week passed i was still blocked from viewing or editing my phone number. i felt very uncomfortable, unfair and unsafe to do business with a bank that discriminates me by offering less services without any legit reason and not addressing my dissatisfaction. i also felt having less confident in a bank that treats a legit account owner as a scammer after i had the same credit card with citi for 15 years. i made a call on xx / xx / 2024, a female from an oversea call center quickly closed my account upon my phone request. however the phone line was disconnected when i asked to speak to a supervisor. i felt it was necessary to find out what was the real reason for a bank continuously treating me as a scammer after they had fully verified and spoke to me on the phone more than once. because if there was any error / false report going around damaging my creditability or image, i need to know the root cause and put a stop to that. i contacted citi fraud department on xx / xx / xxxx and xx /

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996392726898193
}
