Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9098594,
  "complaint_id": "9098594",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I called them they domt know why or how it could happen because they seen my account I'm current, good standing. No late or missed payments. So they are also confused why all XXXX of their accounts were closed. I have other cards and they didn't close my account. Only synchrony bank. I paid always all of my cards and would like them reversed since I have done NOTHING WRONG. THIS IS ILLIGAL WITHOUT PROPPER NOTICE. They have all the information om my CURRENT accounts. They disputed it so they said we will see what happens. I have called them and they still saying the same thing. Sometimes it happens?! Whattt. This should be illegal for the hardworking XXXX. I can not pay those cards if they are closed and I will not since they didn't do any good paying on time and never late anyways.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "19050",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "I called them they domt know why or how it could happen because they seen my account I'm current, good standing. No late or missed payments. So they are also confused why all XXXX of their accounts were closed. I have other cards and they didn't close my account. Only synchrony bank. I paid always all of my cards and would like them reversed since I have done NOTHING WRONG. THIS IS ILLIGAL WITHOUT PROPPER NOTICE. They have all the information om my CURRENT accounts. They disputed it so they said we will see what happens. I have called them and they still saying the same thing. Sometimes it happens?! Whattt. This should be illegal for the hardworking XXXX. I can not pay those cards if they are closed and I will not since they didn't do any good paying on time and never late anyways."
}

Chunk:
i called them they domt know why or how it could happen because they seen my account i'm current, good standing. no late or missed payments. so they are also confused why all xxxx of their accounts were closed. i have other cards and they didn't close my account. only synchrony bank. i paid always all of my cards and would like them reversed since i have done nothing wrong. this is illigal without propper notice. they have all the information om my current accounts. they disputed it so they said we will see what happens. i have called them and they still saying the same thing. sometimes it happens?! whattt. this should be illegal for the hardworking xxxx. i can not pay those cards if they are closed and i will not since they didn't do any good paying on time and never late anyways.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9967420697212219
}
