Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9119199,
  "complaint_id": "9119199",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "The contrast between my consistent on-time payments for this account and the distress caused by the inaccurate late payment entry is stark. Maintaining punctuality has been my unwavering commitment, and this inconsistency is weighing heavily on my mental well-being, disrupting my sleep and peace of mind. With utmost respect, I urgently request the immediate correction of my account, stressing the urgency of this matter. \nThe contrast between my consistent on-time payments for this account and the distress caused by the inaccurate late payment entry is stark. Maintaining punctuality has been my unwavering commitment, and this inconsistency is weighing heavily on my mental well-being, disrupting my sleep and peace of mind. With utmost respect, I urgently request the immediate correction of my account, stressing the urgency of this matter.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Incorrect information on your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "754XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "EQUIFAX, INC.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Account status incorrect",
  "text": "The contrast between my consistent on-time payments for this account and the distress caused by the inaccurate late payment entry is stark. Maintaining punctuality has been my unwavering commitment, and this inconsistency is weighing heavily on my mental well-being, disrupting my sleep and peace of mind. With utmost respect, I urgently request the immediate correction of my account, stressing the urgency of this matter. \nThe contrast between my consistent on-time payments for this account and the distress caused by the inaccurate late payment entry is stark. Maintaining punctuality has been my unwavering commitment, and this inconsistency is weighing heavily on my mental well-being, disrupting my sleep and peace of mind. With utmost respect, I urgently request the immediate correction of my account, stressing the urgency of this matter."
}

Chunk:
the contrast between my consistent on - time payments for this account and the distress caused by the inaccurate late payment entry is stark. maintaining punctuality has been my unwavering commitment, and this inconsistency is weighing heavily on my mental well - being, disrupting my sleep and peace of mind. with utmost respect, i urgently request the immediate correction of my account, stressing the urgency of this matter. the contrast between my consistent on - time payments for this account and the distress caused by the inaccurate late payment entry is stark. maintaining punctuality has been my unwavering commitment, and this inconsistency is weighing heavily on my mental well - being, disrupting my sleep and peace of mind. with utmost respect, i urgently request the immediate correction of my account, stressing the urgency of this matter.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9638370275497437
}
