Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9134305,
  "complaint_id": "9134305",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Citibank issued me a credit card ( I believe it was in XXXX or XXXX ). Marketing campaigns enticed me into balance transfers. Credit limits were increased. Fees compounded. I was employed until XXXX when I lost my job XX/XX/XXXX due to XXXX safety dispute with employer, I tried to resolve a hefty {$18000.00} balance through XXXX that ended badly. Actual debt was significantly less and most of balance was Citibank fees. Unable to regain employment, I entered early retirement. Communications with Citibank resulted in little progress because Citibank charged off the debt XX/XX/XXXX. Citibank then sold the account to a debt collector in a bulk sale with many other accounts. The debt collector sued me in Supreme Court XX/XX/XXXX for non-payment. I never argued I didnt owe the account for items purchased. I argued marketing deception and exorbitant late fees and compounded interest on what I had purchased. The practice of allowing debt collectors to purchase charged off accounts with this type of activity only exacerbates the underlying deception. I am now on fixed income and unable to work, sinking further into an inability to dig out from under the cloud of debt. When lawsuit was filed with all three credit bureaus, any opportunity to restructure my financial profile vanished. Credit scores went from XXXX to XXXX where they will likely remain till my death. Something has to be done to allow an individual to find hope in recovery. There are so many XXXX when a company, like Citibank, can use a charge-off to better their financial profile while the individual account holder loses their ability to stabilize. My particular financial profile has suffered a domino effect to other outstanding loans and recent loan modification that increased term from 25 years to 40 years and decreased principle payments $ XXXX. I literally had no other options available and this loan modification created another layer of hardship but kept me from foreclosure. Yes, I believe it all began with Citibank.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "95628",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "Citibank issued me a credit card ( I believe it was in XXXX or XXXX ). Marketing campaigns enticed me into balance transfers. Credit limits were increased. Fees compounded. I was employed until XXXX when I lost my job XX/XX/XXXX due to XXXX safety dispute with employer, I tried to resolve a hefty {$18000.00} balance through XXXX that ended badly. Actual debt was significantly less and most of balance was Citibank fees. Unable to regain employment, I entered early retirement. Communications with Citibank resulted in little progress because Citibank charged off the debt XX/XX/XXXX. Citibank then sold the account to a debt collector in a bulk sale with many other accounts. The debt collector sued me in Supreme Court XX/XX/XXXX for non-payment. I never argued I didnt owe the account for items purchased. I argued marketing deception and exorbitant late fees and compounded interest on what I had purchased. The practice of allowing debt collectors to purchase charged off accounts with this type of activity only exacerbates the underlying deception. I am now on fixed income and unable to work, sinking further into an inability to dig out from under the cloud of debt. When lawsuit was filed with all three credit bureaus, any opportunity to restructure my financial profile vanished. Credit scores went from XXXX to XXXX where they will likely remain till my death. Something has to be done to allow an individual to find hope in recovery. There are so many XXXX when a company, like Citibank, can use a charge-off to better their financial profile while the individual account holder loses their ability to stabilize. My particular financial profile has suffered a domino effect to other outstanding loans and recent loan modification that increased term from 25 years to 40 years and decreased principle payments $ XXXX. I literally had no other options available and this loan modification created another layer of hardship but kept me from foreclosure. Yes, I believe it all began with Citibank."
}

Chunk:
citibank issued me a credit card ( i believe it was in xxxx or xxxx ). marketing campaigns enticed me into balance transfers. credit limits were increased. fees compounded. i was employed until xxxx when i lost my job xx / xx / xxxx due to xxxx safety dispute with employer, i tried to resolve a hefty { $ 18000. 00 } balance through xxxx that ended badly. actual debt was significantly less and most of balance was citibank fees. unable to regain employment, i entered early retirement. communications with citibank resulted in little progress because citibank charged off the debt xx / xx / xxxx. citibank then sold the account to a debt collector in a bulk sale with many other accounts. the debt collector sued me in supreme court xx / xx / xxxx for non - payment. i never argued i didnt owe the account for items purchased. i argued marketing deception and exorbitant late fees and compounded interest on what i had purchased. the practice of allowing debt collectors to purchase charged off accounts with this type of activity only exacerbates the underlying deception. i am now on fixed income and unable to work, sinking further into an inability to dig out from under the cloud of debt. when lawsuit was filed with all three credit bureaus, any opportunity to restructure my financial profile vanished. credit scores went from xxxx to xxxx where they will likely remain till my death. something has to be done to allow an individual to find hope in recovery. there are so many xxxx when a company, like citibank, can use a charge - off to better their financial profile while the individual account holder loses their ability to stabilize. my particular financial profile has suffered a domino effect to other outstanding loans and recent loan modification that increased term from 25 years to 40 years and decreased principle payments $ xxxx. i literally had no other options available and this loan modification created another layer of hardship but kept me from foreclosure. yes, i believe it all began with citibank.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992827773094177
}
