Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9236790,
  "complaint_id": "9236790",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have been trying to resolve a dispute ( XXXX ) with a merchant through Goldman Sachs since XXXX of XXXX. This is the second dispute that I have done with them in which there are clear reasons to win my dispute. The most important - non receipt of the merchandise or a return of the merchandise. I've sent in the same paperwork - including the receipt of return over and over again. \n\nThe first dispute I gave up on due to frustration and an increase in my XXXX XXXX. That was for {$100.00} and I never received my delivery. I sent proof from my postmaster general that this was not delivered to me. I was told that I lost this dispute. \n\nThe next dispute and the topic of this inquiry is for {$600.00} and I will not let it go. I purchased a purse that was not only misrepresented in terms of authenticity, it was a different color. I submitted evidence of both. The seller threatened that I was attempting to steal her bag and that she would hire a lawyer if I did not return. This correspondence came through my dispute process. I returned the item. Presented return receipts. The seller has had the item since XXXX of XXXX  but Goldman Sachs is still unable to 'win ' this dispute. \n\nMy reasoning for contacting you is 1. I have asked to speak with managers/ supervisors at Goldman Sachs to no avail. They won't call. They send me on a loop with account representatives that state they can't do anything more than submit the same dispute. I am intentionally being blocked from a higher level of support 2. I do not have this item and need help resolving this so that I can cancel my Apple Card ( managed by Goldman Sachs. ) I am terrified to use my card, so I don't. I am sure that I have a billing dispute they will never win it 3. I was told by a representative that this is a standard practice for this card and she has seen disputes go on for years. I do not want to be in this for years nor do I want to pay for something that I don't have - yet again- with this bank. \n\nShould you not be able to assist me I plan to take legal action against Goldman Sachs/ Apple Card XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "07103",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA",
  "date_received": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I have been trying to resolve a dispute ( XXXX ) with a merchant through Goldman Sachs since XXXX of XXXX. This is the second dispute that I have done with them in which there are clear reasons to win my dispute. The most important - non receipt of the merchandise or a return of the merchandise. I've sent in the same paperwork - including the receipt of return over and over again. \n\nThe first dispute I gave up on due to frustration and an increase in my XXXX XXXX. That was for {$100.00} and I never received my delivery. I sent proof from my postmaster general that this was not delivered to me. I was told that I lost this dispute. \n\nThe next dispute and the topic of this inquiry is for {$600.00} and I will not let it go. I purchased a purse that was not only misrepresented in terms of authenticity, it was a different color. I submitted evidence of both. The seller threatened that I was attempting to steal her bag and that she would hire a lawyer if I did not return. This correspondence came through my dispute process. I returned the item. Presented return receipts. The seller has had the item since XXXX of XXXX  but Goldman Sachs is still unable to 'win ' this dispute. \n\nMy reasoning for contacting you is 1. I have asked to speak with managers/ supervisors at Goldman Sachs to no avail. They won't call. They send me on a loop with account representatives that state they can't do anything more than submit the same dispute. I am intentionally being blocked from a higher level of support 2. I do not have this item and need help resolving this so that I can cancel my Apple Card ( managed by Goldman Sachs. ) I am terrified to use my card, so I don't. I am sure that I have a billing dispute they will never win it 3. I was told by a representative that this is a standard practice for this card and she has seen disputes go on for years. I do not want to be in this for years nor do I want to pay for something that I don't have - yet again- with this bank. \n\nShould you not be able to assist me I plan to take legal action against Goldman Sachs/ Apple Card XXXX"
}

Chunk:
i have been trying to resolve a dispute ( xxxx ) with a merchant through goldman sachs since xxxx of xxxx. this is the second dispute that i have done with them in which there are clear reasons to win my dispute. the most important - non receipt of the merchandise or a return of the merchandise. i've sent in the same paperwork - including the receipt of return over and over again. the first dispute i gave up on due to frustration and an increase in my xxxx xxxx. that was for { $ 100. 00 } and i never received my delivery. i sent proof from my postmaster general that this was not delivered to me. i was told that i lost this dispute. the next dispute and the topic of this inquiry is for { $ 600. 00 } and i will not let it go. i purchased a purse that was not only misrepresented in terms of authenticity, it was a different color. i submitted evidence of both. the seller threatened that i was attempting to steal her bag and that she would hire a lawyer if i did not return. this correspondence came through my dispute process. i returned the item. presented return receipts. the seller has had the item since xxxx of xxxx but goldman sachs is still unable to'win'this dispute. my reasoning for contacting you is 1. i have asked to speak with managers / supervisors at goldman sachs to no avail. they won't call. they send me on a loop with account representatives that state they can't do anything more than submit the same dispute. i am intentionally being blocked from a higher level of support 2. i do not have this item and need help resolving this so that i can cancel my apple card ( managed by goldman sachs. ) i am terrified to use my card, so i don't. i am sure that i have a billing dispute they will never win it 3. i was told by a representative that this is a standard practice for this card and she has seen disputes go on for years. i do not want to be in this for years nor do i want to pay for something that i don't have - yet again - with this bank. should you not be able to assist me i plan to take legal action against goldman sachs / apple card xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999326229095459
}
