Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9583453,
  "complaint_id": "9583453",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Our primary dentist referred us to a XXXX  XXXX who claimed to be a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. However, we later discovered that the XXXX had been dropped as a preferred provider, resulting in XXXX XXXX charging us out-of-network rates. Furthermore, the specialist failed to complete the dental work, leaving the XXXX XXXX Additionally, at the end of the incomplete procedure, while my wife was still XXXX  XXXX, the specialist raised the initially quoted price from under {$500.00} to the out-of-network price of {$1600.00}, and then proceeded to charge the credit card for the higher amount without prior consent. \n\nWe initiated a dispute with Citi Bank 's credit card ( XXXX ) over the unauthorized charge by the XXXX  XXXX. Despite providing comprehensive evidence, Citi Bank repeatedly asked for the same documentation that had already been submitted. Every time we called the dispute customer support, the agents reviewed the submissions and expressed confusion as to why the dispute was closed and the information re-requested, affirming that the provided documentation was more than clear. Citi Bank could not specify what additional evidence they needed that we had not already provided. Nonetheless, Citi Bank continuously closed the dispute without proper review. Eventually, they refused to reopen the dispute, claiming the time for disputing the charge had expired.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "630XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MO",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Our primary dentist referred us to a XXXX  XXXX who claimed to be a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. However, we later discovered that the XXXX had been dropped as a preferred provider, resulting in XXXX XXXX charging us out-of-network rates. Furthermore, the specialist failed to complete the dental work, leaving the XXXX XXXX Additionally, at the end of the incomplete procedure, while my wife was still XXXX  XXXX, the specialist raised the initially quoted price from under {$500.00} to the out-of-network price of {$1600.00}, and then proceeded to charge the credit card for the higher amount without prior consent. \n\nWe initiated a dispute with Citi Bank 's credit card ( XXXX ) over the unauthorized charge by the XXXX  XXXX. Despite providing comprehensive evidence, Citi Bank repeatedly asked for the same documentation that had already been submitted. Every time we called the dispute customer support, the agents reviewed the submissions and expressed confusion as to why the dispute was closed and the information re-requested, affirming that the provided documentation was more than clear. Citi Bank could not specify what additional evidence they needed that we had not already provided. Nonetheless, Citi Bank continuously closed the dispute without proper review. Eventually, they refused to reopen the dispute, claiming the time for disputing the charge had expired."
}

Chunk:
our primary dentist referred us to a xxxx xxxx who claimed to be a xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx. however, we later discovered that the xxxx had been dropped as a preferred provider, resulting in xxxx xxxx charging us out - of - network rates. furthermore, the specialist failed to complete the dental work, leaving the xxxx xxxx additionally, at the end of the incomplete procedure, while my wife was still xxxx xxxx, the specialist raised the initially quoted price from under { $ 500. 00 } to the out - of - network price of { $ 1600. 00 }, and then proceeded to charge the credit card for the higher amount without prior consent. we initiated a dispute with citi bank's credit card ( xxxx ) over the unauthorized charge by the xxxx xxxx. despite providing comprehensive evidence, citi bank repeatedly asked for the same documentation that had already been submitted. every time we called the dispute customer support, the agents reviewed the submissions and expressed confusion as to why the dispute was closed and the information re - requested, affirming that the provided documentation was more than clear. citi bank could not specify what additional evidence they needed that we had not already provided. nonetheless, citi bank continuously closed the dispute without proper review. eventually, they refused to reopen the dispute, claiming the time for disputing the charge had expired.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999638557434082
}
