Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9049993,
  "complaint_id": "9049993",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "the Capital One Credit card was lost and reported. The person that too the information was POOR in job performance. After reporting, I have NEVER RECEIVED THE ENTIRE NEW ACCOUNT NUMBER which prohibits me from being able to pay the bill. I have repeatedly contacted Capital One about this issue and I have been spoken to with great disrespect and just XXXX  people or on the XXXX number which is where XXXX XXXX you while you are attempting to resolve not receiving a full account number. the people on the call desk can not be UNDERSTOOD. either they don't listen or their accent is SO THICK YOU CAN NOT UNDERSTAND THEM. You can not go to a Capital One branch to resolve the issue. you can to call this XXXX number.. I have written to the provided address and NEVER RECEIVED XXXX RESPONSE TO ANY LETTERS.. just have had my credit SMEARED by this XXXX XXXX XXXX no person that is in management has ever called to resolve this issue .. and the impact on my credit has been devastating. THIS SHOULD BE ILLEGAL .. Capital One has charged over the top fees .. treated me with great disrespect and surly responses and is just a HORRIBLE experience. there were no late payments or other issues before this card was lost and the XXXX account number was issued. Capital One wants to FORCE ME to use a checking account I have with them to pay the bill but that is not the account I pay bills from - my bill paying account is with another bank and I can not pay the bill eletronically without a FULL ACCOUNT NUMBER. this is over the top",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "77021",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "In progress",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "the Capital One Credit card was lost and reported. The person that too the information was POOR in job performance. After reporting, I have NEVER RECEIVED THE ENTIRE NEW ACCOUNT NUMBER which prohibits me from being able to pay the bill. I have repeatedly contacted Capital One about this issue and I have been spoken to with great disrespect and just XXXX  people or on the XXXX number which is where XXXX XXXX you while you are attempting to resolve not receiving a full account number. the people on the call desk can not be UNDERSTOOD. either they don't listen or their accent is SO THICK YOU CAN NOT UNDERSTAND THEM. You can not go to a Capital One branch to resolve the issue. you can to call this XXXX number.. I have written to the provided address and NEVER RECEIVED XXXX RESPONSE TO ANY LETTERS.. just have had my credit SMEARED by this XXXX XXXX XXXX no person that is in management has ever called to resolve this issue .. and the impact on my credit has been devastating. THIS SHOULD BE ILLEGAL .. Capital One has charged over the top fees .. treated me with great disrespect and surly responses and is just a HORRIBLE experience. there were no late payments or other issues before this card was lost and the XXXX account number was issued. Capital One wants to FORCE ME to use a checking account I have with them to pay the bill but that is not the account I pay bills from - my bill paying account is with another bank and I can not pay the bill eletronically without a FULL ACCOUNT NUMBER. this is over the top"
}

Chunk:
the capital one credit card was lost and reported. the person that too the information was poor in job performance. after reporting, i have never received the entire new account number which prohibits me from being able to pay the bill. i have repeatedly contacted capital one about this issue and i have been spoken to with great disrespect and just xxxx people or on the xxxx number which is where xxxx xxxx you while you are attempting to resolve not receiving a full account number. the people on the call desk can not be understood. either they don't listen or their accent is so thick you can not understand them. you can not go to a capital one branch to resolve the issue. you can to call this xxxx number.. i have written to the provided address and never received xxxx response to any letters.. just have had my credit smeared by this xxxx xxxx xxxx no person that is in management has ever called to resolve this issue.. and the impact on my credit has been devastating. this should be illegal.. capital one has charged over the top fees.. treated me with great disrespect and surly responses and is just a horrible experience. there were no late payments or other issues before this card was lost and the xxxx account number was issued. capital one wants to force me to use a checking account i have with them to pay the bill but that is not the account i pay bills from - my bill paying account is with another bank and i can not pay the bill eletronically without a full account number. this is over the top

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994465708732605
}
