Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9281890,
  "complaint_id": "9281890",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I called today, XX/XX/XXXX to discuss my account because I was notified by my credit report that an account was closed. I called and the first lady that I spoke to advise me that it was closed due to inactivity and they sent a notification in XX/XX/year> notifying me that the account will be closing. She then advised me that it was closed on XX/XX/XXXX and once the account is closed that they can not reopened it. I asked for a supervisor and the supervisor said she was unable to, see that any email or letter was sent out to me notifying me that my account was closed. I feel like this is unfair and deceptive practices because no one ever notify me that they were closing my account or a warning letter to start using my card again. When I spoke to the supervisor I asked how is the closure Reporting on my credit report as close by guarantor because that could negatively impact my credit score and look like I can not take care of my credit card business if a bank made the decision to close my account. I asked for a copy of the closure letter and the supervisor advised that shes unable to find one that ever sent. I think that this is unfair that they did not notify me. I am requesting that account be reinstated and my credit bureau is updated to show that the account is open. If they can not honor my request than they need to produce a copy of the letter sent in XXXX and proof they notified me",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "43110",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "I called today, XX/XX/XXXX to discuss my account because I was notified by my credit report that an account was closed. I called and the first lady that I spoke to advise me that it was closed due to inactivity and they sent a notification in XX/XX/year> notifying me that the account will be closing. She then advised me that it was closed on XX/XX/XXXX and once the account is closed that they can not reopened it. I asked for a supervisor and the supervisor said she was unable to, see that any email or letter was sent out to me notifying me that my account was closed. I feel like this is unfair and deceptive practices because no one ever notify me that they were closing my account or a warning letter to start using my card again. When I spoke to the supervisor I asked how is the closure Reporting on my credit report as close by guarantor because that could negatively impact my credit score and look like I can not take care of my credit card business if a bank made the decision to close my account. I asked for a copy of the closure letter and the supervisor advised that shes unable to find one that ever sent. I think that this is unfair that they did not notify me. I am requesting that account be reinstated and my credit bureau is updated to show that the account is open. If they can not honor my request than they need to produce a copy of the letter sent in XXXX and proof they notified me"
}

Chunk:
i called today, xx / xx / xxxx to discuss my account because i was notified by my credit report that an account was closed. i called and the first lady that i spoke to advise me that it was closed due to inactivity and they sent a notification in xx / xx / year > notifying me that the account will be closing. she then advised me that it was closed on xx / xx / xxxx and once the account is closed that they can not reopened it. i asked for a supervisor and the supervisor said she was unable to, see that any email or letter was sent out to me notifying me that my account was closed. i feel like this is unfair and deceptive practices because no one ever notify me that they were closing my account or a warning letter to start using my card again. when i spoke to the supervisor i asked how is the closure reporting on my credit report as close by guarantor because that could negatively impact my credit score and look like i can not take care of my credit card business if a bank made the decision to close my account. i asked for a copy of the closure letter and the supervisor advised that shes unable to find one that ever sent. i think that this is unfair that they did not notify me. i am requesting that account be reinstated and my credit bureau is updated to show that the account is open. if they can not honor my request than they need to produce a copy of the letter sent in xxxx and proof they notified me

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995423555374146
}
