Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9091587,
  "complaint_id": "9091587",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I made all the payments as required and paid off account. The company went through changes and then after I asked for a letter stating account paid off they sent it. Then another address sent another letter saying that I now owed a different amount. I paid the account off. This company does predatory lending practices and I have filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission and the State of Oregon Attorney general/Consumer Protection agency . There was no response for a long time and now I see my credit report was looked at again by this company. They need to stop and they have been a bad loan provider. This account is closed. I have all the receipts and pay off letter",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OR",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I made all the payments as required and paid off account. The company went through changes and then after I asked for a letter stating account paid off they sent it. Then another address sent another letter saying that I now owed a different amount. I paid the account off. This company does predatory lending practices and I have filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission and the State of Oregon Attorney general/Consumer Protection agency . There was no response for a long time and now I see my credit report was looked at again by this company. They need to stop and they have been a bad loan provider. This account is closed. I have all the receipts and pay off letter"
}

Chunk:
i made all the payments as required and paid off account. the company went through changes and then after i asked for a letter stating account paid off they sent it. then another address sent another letter saying that i now owed a different amount. i paid the account off. this company does predatory lending practices and i have filed a complaint with the federal trade commission and the state of oregon attorney general / consumer protection agency. there was no response for a long time and now i see my credit report was looked at again by this company. they need to stop and they have been a bad loan provider. this account is closed. i have all the receipts and pay off letter

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9989863038063049
}
