Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9146802,
  "complaint_id": "9146802",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "There has been fraud on both of my credit cards with Capital One now since XX/XX/XXXX. I have asked for them to block any online access or delete the feature all together. I have also requested setting up a password or someway to prevent the fraud changes thats been happening on the account. Everytime I call each representative seems to have no knowledge of the issues with fraud. Now they have changed my account information to a new address even though I have advised the person committing the fraud is wanting to make changes to my account. I have not requested any changes. My address was still changed, my phone number, and my email. This person committing the fraud has now prevented me from being able to access my own information according to Capital One. I have advised I won't make any changes and none should be made to the account. Capital One now for XXXX months have allowed the fraud to continue and prevent me now from rectifying the account. This person has also been able to open a XXXX account with my information and use my personal XXXX account with Capital One to open a credit card and use money from my XXXX account. I am fed up with the promises to protect because that just isn't happening.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "63136",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MO",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "There has been fraud on both of my credit cards with Capital One now since XX/XX/XXXX. I have asked for them to block any online access or delete the feature all together. I have also requested setting up a password or someway to prevent the fraud changes thats been happening on the account. Everytime I call each representative seems to have no knowledge of the issues with fraud. Now they have changed my account information to a new address even though I have advised the person committing the fraud is wanting to make changes to my account. I have not requested any changes. My address was still changed, my phone number, and my email. This person committing the fraud has now prevented me from being able to access my own information according to Capital One. I have advised I won't make any changes and none should be made to the account. Capital One now for XXXX months have allowed the fraud to continue and prevent me now from rectifying the account. This person has also been able to open a XXXX account with my information and use my personal XXXX account with Capital One to open a credit card and use money from my XXXX account. I am fed up with the promises to protect because that just isn't happening."
}

Chunk:
there has been fraud on both of my credit cards with capital one now since xx / xx / xxxx. i have asked for them to block any online access or delete the feature all together. i have also requested setting up a password or someway to prevent the fraud changes thats been happening on the account. everytime i call each representative seems to have no knowledge of the issues with fraud. now they have changed my account information to a new address even though i have advised the person committing the fraud is wanting to make changes to my account. i have not requested any changes. my address was still changed, my phone number, and my email. this person committing the fraud has now prevented me from being able to access my own information according to capital one. i have advised i won't make any changes and none should be made to the account. capital one now for xxxx months have allowed the fraud to continue and prevent me now from rectifying the account. this person has also been able to open a xxxx account with my information and use my personal xxxx account with capital one to open a credit card and use money from my xxxx account. i am fed up with the promises to protect because that just isn't happening.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994875192642212
}
