Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9334678,
  "complaint_id": "9334678",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX I applied for a Citi Visa Credit Card with XXXX XXXX I received a denial via text message XXXX. XXXX  I called the reconsideration Dept at Citi to request a manual review. The first representative told me it was denied due to a bankruptcy reporting on my business credit file. I advised that Citi is in violation of the XXXX and the Consumer Protection Act. I requested that my application be retracted, since I was not extended my credit. The representative ask me to hold on while she escalated, XXXX mins later the call disconnected without me speaking to \" XXXX. '' I called back and the business representative told me the denial was because of bankruptcy on my personal report ( Bankruptcy was administratively discharged in XXXX of XXXX, from the US Bankruptcy court. ) I advised this business representative of the same violations in additional to Citi committing securities fraud. This employee told me I would have not been approved due to my \" low '' credit score and the collections which is discrimination. I spoke with XXXX a supervisor from the Business Credit department who also stated that the application was denied because of my credit score, as which is discrimination according to congress.\n\nSecurities fraud has also been committed because Citi has refused to retract my application.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "200XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "DC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Application denied",
  "text": "XXXX I applied for a Citi Visa Credit Card with XXXX XXXX I received a denial via text message XXXX. XXXX  I called the reconsideration Dept at Citi to request a manual review. The first representative told me it was denied due to a bankruptcy reporting on my business credit file. I advised that Citi is in violation of the XXXX and the Consumer Protection Act. I requested that my application be retracted, since I was not extended my credit. The representative ask me to hold on while she escalated, XXXX mins later the call disconnected without me speaking to \" XXXX. '' I called back and the business representative told me the denial was because of bankruptcy on my personal report ( Bankruptcy was administratively discharged in XXXX of XXXX, from the US Bankruptcy court. ) I advised this business representative of the same violations in additional to Citi committing securities fraud. This employee told me I would have not been approved due to my \" low '' credit score and the collections which is discrimination. I spoke with XXXX a supervisor from the Business Credit department who also stated that the application was denied because of my credit score, as which is discrimination according to congress.\n\nSecurities fraud has also been committed because Citi has refused to retract my application."
}

Chunk:
xxxx i applied for a citi visa credit card with xxxx xxxx i received a denial via text message xxxx. xxxx i called the reconsideration dept at citi to request a manual review. the first representative told me it was denied due to a bankruptcy reporting on my business credit file. i advised that citi is in violation of the xxxx and the consumer protection act. i requested that my application be retracted, since i was not extended my credit. the representative ask me to hold on while she escalated, xxxx mins later the call disconnected without me speaking to " xxxx.'' i called back and the business representative told me the denial was because of bankruptcy on my personal report ( bankruptcy was administratively discharged in xxxx of xxxx, from the us bankruptcy court. ) i advised this business representative of the same violations in additional to citi committing securities fraud. this employee told me i would have not been approved due to my " low'' credit score and the collections which is discrimination. i spoke with xxxx a supervisor from the business credit department who also stated that the application was denied because of my credit score, as which is discrimination according to congress. securities fraud has also been committed because citi has refused to retract my application.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9989226460456848
}
