Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9555964,
  "complaint_id": "9555964",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I signed up for a Bank of AMerica credit card for the express purpose of a balance transfer of {$2400.00}. When I set it up I was guided by a customer service representative to set up {$300.00} automatic payments until my card was all paid up, as to never miss a payment, since I was trying to improve my credit score. The service representative made my first payment larger to cover the fee. However, she must have miscalculated because when I finished paying my card ( with a perfect record ) there was a balance of {$37.00} left. I did not know this and the bank never contacted me to let me know my automatic payments were not covering this - instead, after one missed month, they reported me to the credit bureau for being delinquent and seriously hurt my credit score. Upon weeks of inquiring I was given several conflicting stories. One customer service rep said it's my fault for not opting in on the website to change my automatic payment to minimum payment and thats why the bank didn't accept my payment. Another rep said the original customer service rep signed me up for \" forward payments '' and miscalculated the {$37.00} because they don't even offer automatic payments. Then someone said they do offer that and on and on. I was also told by two managers the case had been resolved in my favor only to find out it wasn't. I even had a lawfirm contact them. They just keep giving me the run around and won't change the reporting to the credit bureau ( I of course paid the {$37.00} immediately after the credit bureau brought it to my attention! ). Bank of America can not keep doing this to innocent customers. They can say its not a bank error all they want, but they are a client facing service and their customer service reps miscommunicated from the very first day and continue to do so and I have been unable to fix my credit report. This is not ok. Bank of America is acting like a thoughtless, careless, entitled bully and just hurting hard working peoples credit scores which negatively impacts their life in serious ways. WITHOUT EVER CONTACTING ME TO LET ME KNOW THIS WAS AN ISSUE! That is a c-r-a-z-y.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Incorrect information on your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "115XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-07-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Account information incorrect",
  "text": "I signed up for a Bank of AMerica credit card for the express purpose of a balance transfer of {$2400.00}. When I set it up I was guided by a customer service representative to set up {$300.00} automatic payments until my card was all paid up, as to never miss a payment, since I was trying to improve my credit score. The service representative made my first payment larger to cover the fee. However, she must have miscalculated because when I finished paying my card ( with a perfect record ) there was a balance of {$37.00} left. I did not know this and the bank never contacted me to let me know my automatic payments were not covering this - instead, after one missed month, they reported me to the credit bureau for being delinquent and seriously hurt my credit score. Upon weeks of inquiring I was given several conflicting stories. One customer service rep said it's my fault for not opting in on the website to change my automatic payment to minimum payment and thats why the bank didn't accept my payment. Another rep said the original customer service rep signed me up for \" forward payments '' and miscalculated the {$37.00} because they don't even offer automatic payments. Then someone said they do offer that and on and on. I was also told by two managers the case had been resolved in my favor only to find out it wasn't. I even had a lawfirm contact them. They just keep giving me the run around and won't change the reporting to the credit bureau ( I of course paid the {$37.00} immediately after the credit bureau brought it to my attention! ). Bank of America can not keep doing this to innocent customers. They can say its not a bank error all they want, but they are a client facing service and their customer service reps miscommunicated from the very first day and continue to do so and I have been unable to fix my credit report. This is not ok. Bank of America is acting like a thoughtless, careless, entitled bully and just hurting hard working peoples credit scores which negatively impacts their life in serious ways. WITHOUT EVER CONTACTING ME TO LET ME KNOW THIS WAS AN ISSUE! That is a c-r-a-z-y."
}

Chunk:
i signed up for a bank of america credit card for the express purpose of a balance transfer of { $ 2400. 00 }. when i set it up i was guided by a customer service representative to set up { $ 300. 00 } automatic payments until my card was all paid up, as to never miss a payment, since i was trying to improve my credit score. the service representative made my first payment larger to cover the fee. however, she must have miscalculated because when i finished paying my card ( with a perfect record ) there was a balance of { $ 37. 00 } left. i did not know this and the bank never contacted me to let me know my automatic payments were not covering this - instead, after one missed month, they reported me to the credit bureau for being delinquent and seriously hurt my credit score. upon weeks of inquiring i was given several conflicting stories. one customer service rep said it's my fault for not opting in on the website to change my automatic payment to minimum payment and thats why the bank didn't accept my payment. another rep said the original customer service rep signed me up for " forward payments'' and miscalculated the { $ 37. 00 } because they don't even offer automatic payments. then someone said they do offer that and on and on. i was also told by two managers the case had been resolved in my favor only to find out it wasn't. i even had a lawfirm contact them. they just keep giving me the run around and won't change the reporting to the credit bureau ( i of course paid the { $ 37. 00 } immediately after the credit bureau brought it to my attention! ). bank of america can not keep doing this to innocent customers. they can say its not a bank error all they want, but they are a client facing service and their customer service reps miscommunicated from the very first day and continue to do so and i have been unable to fix my credit report. this is not ok. bank of america is acting like a thoughtless, careless, entitled bully and just hurting hard working peoples credit scores which negatively impacts their life in serious ways. without ever contacting me to let me know this was an issue! that is a c - r - a - z - y.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994687438011169
}
