Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9228855,
  "complaint_id": "9228855",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I tried to send XXXX  Complaints/Disputes through its Online Message Center beginning on XX/XX/year>. For one week, it was not operational for me. Finally, on XX/XX/XXXX it worked. The following two messages ( previously composed ) were submitted.\n\n1 ) I received an email from the bank this afternoon ( XX/XX/year> ) that there was a CARD NOT PRESENT TRANSACTION made on my account today. Both the merchant 's name and location were identified only with a code of letters and/or numbers, impossible to determine who or where the merchant is. I have not used my credit card, not ordered or purchased anything, for the past two weeks. I logged in to my account, clicked report fraud several times but the bank 's website would not open. XXXX without identification of a merchant name. Only XXXX was posted as a description. XXXX XXXX ) Continued ..... I then tried to send an online message to the bank also several times, but appeared \" ERROR Unfortunately, we are experiencing technical difficulties at this time. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. There is nothing to click on the bank 's website to dispute a charge. The bank must accept my dispute of this transaction ; and, reverse the charge of {$10.00}. XXXX Because there was no merchant identified and because I had no idea what XXXX was, I attempted to dispute the charge online. However, XXXX INTENTIONALLY discourages from consumers from disputing by having no way to do so online unlike most credit card issuers and servicers. \nAnd, XXXX has faulty IT online. \nIn any case, XXXX did not respond to my two messages! \nFinally, I called XXXX and stated that I wanted to dispute the charge, and informed XXXX that there was neither a way to submit a dispute online or, for that matter, to report possible fraud. I asked XXXX to take a dispute from me. XXXX refused to do so, but stated that it would close my account and would refer the matter to its fraud department. \nDated XX/XX/XXXX XXXX sent me a generic letter stating a Fraud Investigatorwill call you. XXXX Fraud Department never called! XXXX did not give me the opportunity to provide any information or ask any questions whatsoever. \nDated XXXX XXXX XXXX sent me another generic letter stating we have denied your claim due to the fact that you participated in the transaction. Not only did I not only never participate, but XXXX XXXX, the XXXX employee who signed the letter, never provided any proof whatsoever of the NON-EXISTENT participation with a still UNKNOWN MERCHANT. XXXX XXXX XXXX LIED!!! Neither my card ( which XXXX admits ) was present, nor I. \nFurthermore, she wrote that I could contact the merchant about the product or service provided. XXXX XXXX did not investigate anything, as she clearly did not know whether the charge was a product or service. Similarly, I do not know, owing to XXXX FAKE INVESTIGATION. \nWhen XXXX HIRES EMPLOTYEES, using only WOKE CRITERIA, but not evaluating QUALIFICATIONS, it harms the consuming public. Failing to properly train newly hired or promoted WOKE EMPLOYEES also harms the consuming public. \nI have found that UNKNOWN EMPLOYEE ( S ) at XXXX have CRIMINALLY added the same charge TWICE MORE. In short, the original disputed erroneous charge is now tripled! \nXXXX XXXX, XXXX of XXXX, has been asleep at the wheel. Its technology is failing, its employees are lying and stealing. XXXX is a danger to Americans.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA",
  "date_received": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "VA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I tried to send XXXX  Complaints/Disputes through its Online Message Center beginning on XX/XX/year>. For one week, it was not operational for me. Finally, on XX/XX/XXXX it worked. The following two messages ( previously composed ) were submitted.\n\n1 ) I received an email from the bank this afternoon ( XX/XX/year> ) that there was a CARD NOT PRESENT TRANSACTION made on my account today. Both the merchant 's name and location were identified only with a code of letters and/or numbers, impossible to determine who or where the merchant is. I have not used my credit card, not ordered or purchased anything, for the past two weeks. I logged in to my account, clicked report fraud several times but the bank 's website would not open. XXXX without identification of a merchant name. Only XXXX was posted as a description. XXXX XXXX ) Continued ..... I then tried to send an online message to the bank also several times, but appeared \" ERROR Unfortunately, we are experiencing technical difficulties at this time. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. There is nothing to click on the bank 's website to dispute a charge. The bank must accept my dispute of this transaction ; and, reverse the charge of {$10.00}. XXXX Because there was no merchant identified and because I had no idea what XXXX was, I attempted to dispute the charge online. However, XXXX INTENTIONALLY discourages from consumers from disputing by having no way to do so online unlike most credit card issuers and servicers. \nAnd, XXXX has faulty IT online. \nIn any case, XXXX did not respond to my two messages! \nFinally, I called XXXX and stated that I wanted to dispute the charge, and informed XXXX that there was neither a way to submit a dispute online or, for that matter, to report possible fraud. I asked XXXX to take a dispute from me. XXXX refused to do so, but stated that it would close my account and would refer the matter to its fraud department. \nDated XX/XX/XXXX XXXX sent me a generic letter stating a Fraud Investigatorwill call you. XXXX Fraud Department never called! XXXX did not give me the opportunity to provide any information or ask any questions whatsoever. \nDated XXXX XXXX XXXX sent me another generic letter stating we have denied your claim due to the fact that you participated in the transaction. Not only did I not only never participate, but XXXX XXXX, the XXXX employee who signed the letter, never provided any proof whatsoever of the NON-EXISTENT participation with a still UNKNOWN MERCHANT. XXXX XXXX XXXX LIED!!! Neither my card ( which XXXX admits ) was present, nor I. \nFurthermore, she wrote that I could contact the merchant about the product or service provided. XXXX XXXX did not investigate anything, as she clearly did not know whether the charge was a product or service. Similarly, I do not know, owing to XXXX FAKE INVESTIGATION. \nWhen XXXX HIRES EMPLOTYEES, using only WOKE CRITERIA, but not evaluating QUALIFICATIONS, it harms the consuming public. Failing to properly train newly hired or promoted WOKE EMPLOYEES also harms the consuming public. \nI have found that UNKNOWN EMPLOYEE ( S ) at XXXX have CRIMINALLY added the same charge TWICE MORE. In short, the original disputed erroneous charge is now tripled! \nXXXX XXXX, XXXX of XXXX, has been asleep at the wheel. Its technology is failing, its employees are lying and stealing. XXXX is a danger to Americans."
}

Chunk:
only did i not only never participate, but xxxx xxxx, the xxxx employee who signed the letter, never provided any proof whatsoever of the non - existent participation with a still unknown merchant. xxxx xxxx xxxx lied!!! neither my card ( which xxxx admits ) was present, nor i. furthermore, she wrote that i could contact the merchant about the product or service provided. xxxx xxxx did not investigate anything, as she clearly did not know whether the charge was a product or service. similarly, i do not know, owing to xxxx fake investigation. when xxxx hires emplotyees, using only woke criteria, but not evaluating qualifications, it harms the consuming public. failing to properly train newly hired or promoted woke employees also harms the consuming public. i have found that unknown employee ( s ) at xxxx have criminally added the same charge twice more. in short, the original disputed erroneous charge is now tripled! xxxx xxxx, xxxx of xxxx, has been asleep at the wheel. its technology is failing, its employees are lying and stealing. xxxx is a danger to americans.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996509552001953
}
