Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9023396,
  "complaint_id": "9023396",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "selling the debt to a new collector generally can not restart the statute of limitations itself. Here 's the breakdown : The statute of limitations is a set time frame after which a creditor can no longer sue you to collect the debt. Selling the debt does not change the original default date that started the statute of limitations ticking. Your Actions Can Restart the Clock : Even with a new collector, if you make a partial payment, agree to a repayment plan, or acknowledge the debt in writing ( in some states verbally too ), you might unintentionally restart the statute of limitations. New Rules and State Variations : Some states and federal regulations offer specific protections. For instance, Texas has laws preventing debt buyers from restarting the clock through your actions on time-barred debt. XXXX XXXX XXXX The statute of limitation bars the collection of this alleged debt and the original date of default is incorrectly being reported to the credit bureaus.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "78748",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Resurgent Capital Services L.P.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "selling the debt to a new collector generally can not restart the statute of limitations itself. Here 's the breakdown : The statute of limitations is a set time frame after which a creditor can no longer sue you to collect the debt. Selling the debt does not change the original default date that started the statute of limitations ticking. Your Actions Can Restart the Clock : Even with a new collector, if you make a partial payment, agree to a repayment plan, or acknowledge the debt in writing ( in some states verbally too ), you might unintentionally restart the statute of limitations. New Rules and State Variations : Some states and federal regulations offer specific protections. For instance, Texas has laws preventing debt buyers from restarting the clock through your actions on time-barred debt. XXXX XXXX XXXX The statute of limitation bars the collection of this alleged debt and the original date of default is incorrectly being reported to the credit bureaus."
}

Chunk:
selling the debt to a new collector generally can not restart the statute of limitations itself. here's the breakdown : the statute of limitations is a set time frame after which a creditor can no longer sue you to collect the debt. selling the debt does not change the original default date that started the statute of limitations ticking. your actions can restart the clock : even with a new collector, if you make a partial payment, agree to a repayment plan, or acknowledge the debt in writing ( in some states verbally too ), you might unintentionally restart the statute of limitations. new rules and state variations : some states and federal regulations offer specific protections. for instance, texas has laws preventing debt buyers from restarting the clock through your actions on time - barred debt. xxxx xxxx xxxx the statute of limitation bars the collection of this alleged debt and the original date of default is incorrectly being reported to the credit bureaus.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9980425834655762
}
