Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9391583,
  "complaint_id": "9391583",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/year> I was on XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX from XXXX to XXXX. The flight attendants came over the intercom and announced a brand new promotion for a Barclays Aviator Mastercard where if you applied in flight, spent {$1.00} in 90 days, you receive XXXX AAdvantage points. They pushed this very heavily, noting is was the first time this had ever occurred. They stated the normal promo was XXXX miles for a higher amount to spend in the first 90 days. I decided to apply for the card. I have been using the card now and received XXXX points. I complained to Barclays and they said I signed a form that offered XXXX. The flight attendants were clear that regardless of the form used, the offer code on the form was critical which was why we HAD to do it in flight. They attempted to sign us up online in flight but the wifi did not work. I only got the card because of the promotion. The flight attendant spent time asking each of us who applied Where will you go with your XXXX miles? I believe this promo is still going on as my husband was on a recent flight with the same heavy promotion. I called Barclays and they said it was my fault for using the wrong form. The form provided by the XXXX XXXX attendant in flight! I also complained via XXXX and was then told since your complaint has been resolved we cant fix it, but rest assured weve noted your complaint. This seems very suspect, disingenuous and potentially fraudulent. I had a case number with Barclays : XXXX.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "625XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-07-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "On XX/XX/year> I was on XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX from XXXX to XXXX. The flight attendants came over the intercom and announced a brand new promotion for a Barclays Aviator Mastercard where if you applied in flight, spent {$1.00} in 90 days, you receive XXXX AAdvantage points. They pushed this very heavily, noting is was the first time this had ever occurred. They stated the normal promo was XXXX miles for a higher amount to spend in the first 90 days. I decided to apply for the card. I have been using the card now and received XXXX points. I complained to Barclays and they said I signed a form that offered XXXX. The flight attendants were clear that regardless of the form used, the offer code on the form was critical which was why we HAD to do it in flight. They attempted to sign us up online in flight but the wifi did not work. I only got the card because of the promotion. The flight attendant spent time asking each of us who applied Where will you go with your XXXX miles? I believe this promo is still going on as my husband was on a recent flight with the same heavy promotion. I called Barclays and they said it was my fault for using the wrong form. The form provided by the XXXX XXXX attendant in flight! I also complained via XXXX and was then told since your complaint has been resolved we cant fix it, but rest assured weve noted your complaint. This seems very suspect, disingenuous and potentially fraudulent. I had a case number with Barclays : XXXX."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / year > i was on xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx from xxxx to xxxx. the flight attendants came over the intercom and announced a brand new promotion for a barclays aviator mastercard where if you applied in flight, spent { $ 1. 00 } in 90 days, you receive xxxx aadvantage points. they pushed this very heavily, noting is was the first time this had ever occurred. they stated the normal promo was xxxx miles for a higher amount to spend in the first 90 days. i decided to apply for the card. i have been using the card now and received xxxx points. i complained to barclays and they said i signed a form that offered xxxx. the flight attendants were clear that regardless of the form used, the offer code on the form was critical which was why we had to do it in flight. they attempted to sign us up online in flight but the wifi did not work. i only got the card because of the promotion. the flight attendant spent time asking each of us who applied where will you go with your xxxx miles? i believe this promo is still going on as my husband was on a recent flight with the same heavy promotion. i called barclays and they said it was my fault for using the wrong form. the form provided by the xxxx xxxx attendant in flight! i also complained via xxxx and was then told since your complaint has been resolved we cant fix it, but rest assured weve noted your complaint. this seems very suspect, disingenuous and potentially fraudulent. i had a case number with barclays : xxxx.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991273283958435
}
