Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9542970,
  "complaint_id": "9542970",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/year>, I received an email from Wells Fargo notifying me that my credit card had been enrolled in XXXX ( I did not opt into this ). The email from Wells Fargo provides a link at XXXX XXXX XXXX to opt out on XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX. In order to opt out, XXXX requires my email, and then requires that I enter my phone number. In the header, it states \" By entering your mobile number, you consent to receive automated texts from XXXX, to any current or future mobile number associated with your financial accounts, each time you use the service. Message and data rates may apply. '' I do NOT consent to receive automated texts from XXXX, and there is no workaround, no way to remove my credit card from XXXX without \" consenting '' to automated texts. \n\nWells Fargo 's online access agreement at https : //www.wellsfargo.com/online-banking/online-access-agreement states \" 10 ( e ). Right to Remove Your Wells Fargo Cards From XXXX ; Right to Opt-Out of XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX of Access You have the right to remove your Wells Fargo XXXX XXXX XXXX. To the extent that you have cards from other financial institutions in XXXX, you understand that Wells Fargo can only remove your Wells Fargo cards from XXXX. You agree to notify us promptly if you want to remove your Wells Fargo cards from XXXX. To remove your Wells Fargo cards from XXXX, you XXXX call Wells Fargo XXXX Customer Service at XXXX for assistance, or if your cards appear in the Wells Fargo XXXX app for XXXX  you can remove them through our app. '' I called the number indicated and spoke to five ( 5 ) different Wells Fargo employees who all refused or insisted they were unable to opt me out or delete my card from XXXX.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "99504",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-07-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AK",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "On XX/XX/year>, I received an email from Wells Fargo notifying me that my credit card had been enrolled in XXXX ( I did not opt into this ). The email from Wells Fargo provides a link at XXXX XXXX XXXX to opt out on XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX. In order to opt out, XXXX requires my email, and then requires that I enter my phone number. In the header, it states \" By entering your mobile number, you consent to receive automated texts from XXXX, to any current or future mobile number associated with your financial accounts, each time you use the service. Message and data rates may apply. '' I do NOT consent to receive automated texts from XXXX, and there is no workaround, no way to remove my credit card from XXXX without \" consenting '' to automated texts. \n\nWells Fargo 's online access agreement at https : //www.wellsfargo.com/online-banking/online-access-agreement states \" 10 ( e ). Right to Remove Your Wells Fargo Cards From XXXX ; Right to Opt-Out of XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX of Access You have the right to remove your Wells Fargo XXXX XXXX XXXX. To the extent that you have cards from other financial institutions in XXXX, you understand that Wells Fargo can only remove your Wells Fargo cards from XXXX. You agree to notify us promptly if you want to remove your Wells Fargo cards from XXXX. To remove your Wells Fargo cards from XXXX, you XXXX call Wells Fargo XXXX Customer Service at XXXX for assistance, or if your cards appear in the Wells Fargo XXXX app for XXXX  you can remove them through our app. '' I called the number indicated and spoke to five ( 5 ) different Wells Fargo employees who all refused or insisted they were unable to opt me out or delete my card from XXXX."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / year >, i received an email from wells fargo notifying me that my credit card had been enrolled in xxxx ( i did not opt into this ). the email from wells fargo provides a link at xxxx xxxx xxxx to opt out on xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx. in order to opt out, xxxx requires my email, and then requires that i enter my phone number. in the header, it states " by entering your mobile number, you consent to receive automated texts from xxxx, to any current or future mobile number associated with your financial accounts, each time you use the service. message and data rates may apply.'' i do not consent to receive automated texts from xxxx, and there is no workaround, no way to remove my credit card from xxxx without " consenting'' to automated texts. wells fargo's online access agreement at https : / / www. wellsfargo. com / online - banking / online - access - agreement states " 10 ( e ). right to remove your wells fargo cards from xxxx ; right to opt - out of xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx of access you have the right to remove your wells fargo xxxx xxxx xxxx. to the extent that you have cards from other financial institutions in xxxx, you understand that wells fargo can only remove your wells fargo cards from xxxx. you agree to notify us promptly if you want to remove your wells fargo cards from xxxx. to remove your wells fargo cards from xxxx, you xxxx call wells fargo xxxx customer service at xxxx for assistance, or if your cards appear in the wells fargo xxxx app for xxxx you can remove them through our app.'' i called the number indicated and spoke to five ( 5 ) different wells fargo employees who all refused or insisted they were unable to opt me out or delete my card from xxxx.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9981556534767151
}
