Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9356831,
  "complaint_id": "9356831",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/year>, I made XXXX online purchases back-to-back from a travel website. However, the website glitched and XXXX purchase was charged twice. After trying to access my credit card account through bankofamerica.XXXX, I couldn't proceed without answering multiple questions about whether the transactions were authorized. \n\nI answered truthfully -- XXXX purchase was not authorized by me, but the other XXXX were correct, plus no one had stolen or gained access to my card information, and I was in possession of the card as well. I also typed an explanation into an available field about how the merchant 's website glitched and I didn't agree to a double-charge on only XXXX of the transactions. \n\nBank of America immediately cancelled my card without my consent. The question screen was deceptive as it did not say I would lose my existing card number by simply reporting an erroneous double-charge. When I quickly called customer service within the next minute, a representative advised that a card with a new number would be issued to me. I explained there was no fraud and wanted my old card number back because I don't have time to update numerous auto-pay accounts, merchants, or websites with completely new information. The representative told me it was impossible to restore my card number despite my prompt action and explanation, and refused to assist me further. The amount of time I've already spent on this matter has been significant, including hours of lost family and personal activities. \n\nBank of America is refusing to remedy this unfair situation, and their customer service representative clearly lacked authority and/or a willingness to override what a computer system had done. But my card number can easily be changed back, and to my knowledge, there is no legal prohibition on doing so. Bank of America should not be able to cancel a credit card without permission and especially after a call was made to seek immediate corrective action.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "980XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "On XX/XX/year>, I made XXXX online purchases back-to-back from a travel website. However, the website glitched and XXXX purchase was charged twice. After trying to access my credit card account through bankofamerica.XXXX, I couldn't proceed without answering multiple questions about whether the transactions were authorized. \n\nI answered truthfully -- XXXX purchase was not authorized by me, but the other XXXX were correct, plus no one had stolen or gained access to my card information, and I was in possession of the card as well. I also typed an explanation into an available field about how the merchant 's website glitched and I didn't agree to a double-charge on only XXXX of the transactions. \n\nBank of America immediately cancelled my card without my consent. The question screen was deceptive as it did not say I would lose my existing card number by simply reporting an erroneous double-charge. When I quickly called customer service within the next minute, a representative advised that a card with a new number would be issued to me. I explained there was no fraud and wanted my old card number back because I don't have time to update numerous auto-pay accounts, merchants, or websites with completely new information. The representative told me it was impossible to restore my card number despite my prompt action and explanation, and refused to assist me further. The amount of time I've already spent on this matter has been significant, including hours of lost family and personal activities. \n\nBank of America is refusing to remedy this unfair situation, and their customer service representative clearly lacked authority and/or a willingness to override what a computer system had done. But my card number can easily be changed back, and to my knowledge, there is no legal prohibition on doing so. Bank of America should not be able to cancel a credit card without permission and especially after a call was made to seek immediate corrective action."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / year >, i made xxxx online purchases back - to - back from a travel website. however, the website glitched and xxxx purchase was charged twice. after trying to access my credit card account through bankofamerica. xxxx, i couldn't proceed without answering multiple questions about whether the transactions were authorized. i answered truthfully - - xxxx purchase was not authorized by me, but the other xxxx were correct, plus no one had stolen or gained access to my card information, and i was in possession of the card as well. i also typed an explanation into an available field about how the merchant's website glitched and i didn't agree to a double - charge on only xxxx of the transactions. bank of america immediately cancelled my card without my consent. the question screen was deceptive as it did not say i would lose my existing card number by simply reporting an erroneous double - charge. when i quickly called customer service within the next minute, a representative advised that a card with a new number would be issued to me. i explained there was no fraud and wanted my old card number back because i don't have time to update numerous auto - pay accounts, merchants, or websites with completely new information. the representative told me it was impossible to restore my card number despite my prompt action and explanation, and refused to assist me further. the amount of time i've already spent on this matter has been significant, including hours of lost family and personal activities. bank of america is refusing to remedy this unfair situation, and their customer service representative clearly lacked authority and / or a willingness to override what a computer system had done. but my card number can easily be changed back, and to my knowledge, there is no legal prohibition on doing so. bank of america should not be able to cancel a credit card without permission and especially after a call was made to seek immediate corrective action.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9949544072151184
}
