Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9055385,
  "complaint_id": "9055385",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX XXXX I completed feedback reference complaint about checking and I complain of XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX against applicant with 3 character first name legal abbreviation calling name fictious of vital records and statistics. XXXX refuses to allow customer contact with literate staff of bank to issue credit card from asset ' ' character in customer bank record name of clerical error and solicits illiterate material to customer with asset ' ' character in birth-given name on bank web domain. Previously bank issued a illiterate account & card and I need a literate bank account and consumer credit card. My first name is said as rivi pooh and last name is said as chief with initials XXXX XXXX. of the State of California. I am completely illiterate to spanish and I only comprehend English ( US ) language. Staff mistakenly changed ( ) name into XXXX and speak from XXXX XXXX where customer is not legally present to communicate by birth-given name with character ' ' of abbreviation asset ignored and omited in account history & online content.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "89183",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NV",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Delay in processing application",
  "text": "XXXX XXXX I completed feedback reference complaint about checking and I complain of XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX against applicant with 3 character first name legal abbreviation calling name fictious of vital records and statistics. XXXX refuses to allow customer contact with literate staff of bank to issue credit card from asset ' ' character in customer bank record name of clerical error and solicits illiterate material to customer with asset ' ' character in birth-given name on bank web domain. Previously bank issued a illiterate account & card and I need a literate bank account and consumer credit card. My first name is said as rivi pooh and last name is said as chief with initials XXXX XXXX. of the State of California. I am completely illiterate to spanish and I only comprehend English ( US ) language. Staff mistakenly changed ( ) name into XXXX and speak from XXXX XXXX where customer is not legally present to communicate by birth-given name with character ' ' of abbreviation asset ignored and omited in account history & online content."
}

Chunk:
xxxx xxxx i completed feedback reference complaint about checking and i complain of xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx against applicant with 3 character first name legal abbreviation calling name fictious of vital records and statistics. xxxx refuses to allow customer contact with literate staff of bank to issue credit card from asset'' character in customer bank record name of clerical error and solicits illiterate material to customer with asset'' character in birth - given name on bank web domain. previously bank issued a illiterate account & card and i need a literate bank account and consumer credit card. my first name is said as rivi pooh and last name is said as chief with initials xxxx xxxx. of the state of california. i am completely illiterate to spanish and i only comprehend english ( us ) language. staff mistakenly changed ( ) name into xxxx and speak from xxxx xxxx where customer is not legally present to communicate by birth - given name with character'' of abbreviation asset ignored and omited in account history & online content.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991466999053955
}
