Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9173311,
  "complaint_id": "9173311",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Ive been a customer of Navy Federal Credit Union for about XXXX  years. Ive enjoyed everything Navy Federal has offered me but recently XXXX benefit has been a complete mess. I am referring to your SCRA department and the benefit I am eligible for. \n\nRecently in XX/XX/XXXX, I reached out to your office regarding an order I submitted to the SCRA department to push back my XXXX XXXX start date. I submitted it back on XX/XX/XXXX via the NFCU app. I received confirmation that the order was received, etc. I was told by XXXX of your SCRA representatives that it would take a couple months to process even after explaining I already have the benefit established. I accepted that response but also explained to the representative that day I have another order but was having a hard time locating it. They mentioned if I find it, I can send it over via the app. After about XXXX  months of checking on it and getting the run around, I contacted your office. I received a phone call from XXXX in the Resolutions Department. Her professionalism and willing to help was amazing as she got what was needed to be done, got my XXXX XXXX start date pushed back. I got back some interest and fee refunded to my account. I was appreciative of her assistance and mentioned if I needed anything else to reach out again. \n\nOn XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I received an email from Navy Federal Credit Union stating they needed additional time to process my SCRA benefit. I called into the SCRA department, and the representative stated they are processing more SCRA benefits on my account. Im like that sounds good but said it should be done in that time frame. So, I continued to wait but, in the meantime, I found the other order I was looking for to push my XXXX XXXX start date back to XXXX XX/XX/XXXX. I uploaded the orders to the app and received confirmation that they received the order. I called to check the status of the XXXX  set of orders, and they went into a queue to be sorted and should wait a few additional days until they can figure what is going on. After several attempts to find out the status, I reached out to XXXX in the Resolutions department. I explained to her that I found the XXXX  set of orders and submitted them to Navy Federal via the app. I also explained to her I was hoping to get these expedited because I am going to be limited on communication due to an upcoming trip. She suggested me contacting the SCRA department to see if they can locate the orders and pair them together. Once again, I contacted the SCRA team, and the representative said she can put a note in the system to pair them up so they can process both at once. I mentioned to her I would call again next week to check up on the status. Yesterday ( XXXX ), I contacted the SCRA team about the status of the orders. I explained to her that I was looking to see if they were able to locate the second order and pair the XXXX together. She said they dont do that and Im looking to wait a while because theyre still processing XX/XX/XXXX requests. These orders would be processed as XXXX separate claims. Since Im still waiting on my original claim, I can only imagine how long this new claim will take. I appreciated her help, but my frustration has boiled over. \n\nThis is where my problem is. I am being told different things from the same thing, nothing is consistent or the same. The excuses of back logs and a new system can only go so far. Ive been waiting far too long and other members have too. As an organization, this process needs to be fixed for future members because no person should wait this long. \n\nWith that said, I am submitting a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Also, I want a complete review on my account to have ALL adjustments made and refunded back to my XXXX XXXX start date of XX/XX/XXXX. This situation has forced me to start to look at other military friendly banks that appreciate their members better. Im starting to consider if Navy Federal truly cares for their members.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "14224",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "Ive been a customer of Navy Federal Credit Union for about XXXX  years. Ive enjoyed everything Navy Federal has offered me but recently XXXX benefit has been a complete mess. I am referring to your SCRA department and the benefit I am eligible for. \n\nRecently in XX/XX/XXXX, I reached out to your office regarding an order I submitted to the SCRA department to push back my XXXX XXXX start date. I submitted it back on XX/XX/XXXX via the NFCU app. I received confirmation that the order was received, etc. I was told by XXXX of your SCRA representatives that it would take a couple months to process even after explaining I already have the benefit established. I accepted that response but also explained to the representative that day I have another order but was having a hard time locating it. They mentioned if I find it, I can send it over via the app. After about XXXX  months of checking on it and getting the run around, I contacted your office. I received a phone call from XXXX in the Resolutions Department. Her professionalism and willing to help was amazing as she got what was needed to be done, got my XXXX XXXX start date pushed back. I got back some interest and fee refunded to my account. I was appreciative of her assistance and mentioned if I needed anything else to reach out again. \n\nOn XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I received an email from Navy Federal Credit Union stating they needed additional time to process my SCRA benefit. I called into the SCRA department, and the representative stated they are processing more SCRA benefits on my account. Im like that sounds good but said it should be done in that time frame. So, I continued to wait but, in the meantime, I found the other order I was looking for to push my XXXX XXXX start date back to XXXX XX/XX/XXXX. I uploaded the orders to the app and received confirmation that they received the order. I called to check the status of the XXXX  set of orders, and they went into a queue to be sorted and should wait a few additional days until they can figure what is going on. After several attempts to find out the status, I reached out to XXXX in the Resolutions department. I explained to her that I found the XXXX  set of orders and submitted them to Navy Federal via the app. I also explained to her I was hoping to get these expedited because I am going to be limited on communication due to an upcoming trip. She suggested me contacting the SCRA department to see if they can locate the orders and pair them together. Once again, I contacted the SCRA team, and the representative said she can put a note in the system to pair them up so they can process both at once. I mentioned to her I would call again next week to check up on the status. Yesterday ( XXXX ), I contacted the SCRA team about the status of the orders. I explained to her that I was looking to see if they were able to locate the second order and pair the XXXX together. She said they dont do that and Im looking to wait a while because theyre still processing XX/XX/XXXX requests. These orders would be processed as XXXX separate claims. Since Im still waiting on my original claim, I can only imagine how long this new claim will take. I appreciated her help, but my frustration has boiled over. \n\nThis is where my problem is. I am being told different things from the same thing, nothing is consistent or the same. The excuses of back logs and a new system can only go so far. Ive been waiting far too long and other members have too. As an organization, this process needs to be fixed for future members because no person should wait this long. \n\nWith that said, I am submitting a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Also, I want a complete review on my account to have ALL adjustments made and refunded back to my XXXX XXXX start date of XX/XX/XXXX. This situation has forced me to start to look at other military friendly banks that appreciate their members better. Im starting to consider if Navy Federal truly cares for their members."
}

Chunk:
going to be limited on communication due to an upcoming trip. she suggested me contacting the scra department to see if they can locate the orders and pair them together. once again, i contacted the scra team, and the representative said she can put a note in the system to pair them up so they can process both at once. i mentioned to her i would call again next week to check up on the status. yesterday ( xxxx ), i contacted the scra team about the status of the orders. i explained to her that i was looking to see if they were able to locate the second order and pair the xxxx together. she said they dont do that and im looking to wait a while because theyre still processing xx / xx / xxxx requests. these orders would be processed as xxxx separate claims. since im still waiting on my original claim, i can only imagine how long this new claim will take. i appreciated her help, but my frustration has boiled over. this is where my problem is. i am being told different things from the same thing, nothing is consistent or the same. the excuses of back logs and a new system can only go so far. ive been waiting far too long and other members have too. as an organization, this process needs to be fixed for future members because no person should wait this long. with that said, i am submitting a complaint with the consumer financial protection bureau. also, i want a complete review on my account to have all adjustments made and refunded back to my xxxx xxxx start date of xx / xx / xxxx. this situation has forced me to start to look at other military friendly banks that appreciate their members better. im starting to consider if navy federal truly cares for their members.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992638230323792
}
