Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9325374,
  "complaint_id": "9325374",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "In summary, due to a newborn arrival, I got 1 day delayed in a full statement payment, resulting in only partial payment for that month. The amount left over was about {$1000.00}, which was paid in full the next day in addition to all other balances in my account. In the following 2 months, I got surprised by about {$79.00} in charges, which is an absurd APR ( {$79.00} for 1 day! ). \n\nUpon discussion with customer service, they finally admited to weird and likely unlawful practices of charging interest for at least 2 months, irrespective whether I paid the bill the next day or not. In addition, any new charges to the credit card was \" game '' for them to charge me more interest, which were transactions not even billed yet, so there was no way I would have known I was paying interest on them and would otherwise have long dropped this credit card to begin with. \n\nThis is effectively charging interest on purchases that have not made into a statement yet, giving the consumer the wrong impression of how a credit card should work. Had I known they would keep charging me interest on any balance on the card, including current in progress cycle, I would have stopped used this credit card immediately. I clearly had the funds to do so, as you can see on the timeline attached, I just missed 1 day of payment. Overall, this seems malpractice, a sort of scam to charge more interest, completely diminishing the trust in this financial system, and potentially causing imense hardship for customers that are already struggling to pay their bills. This seems illegal to me and should likely be reviewed by the State Attorney 's General Office and be target for Class action suits, since it might be impacting millions of Americans trying to stay afloat in the economy. This ultimately makes their bills unbearable to pay for if they don't have the means. \n\nThis agency should review these practices and decide whether this is legitimate type of interaction and whether it's not an abuse of consumers ' trust.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "105XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Charged too much interest",
  "text": "In summary, due to a newborn arrival, I got 1 day delayed in a full statement payment, resulting in only partial payment for that month. The amount left over was about {$1000.00}, which was paid in full the next day in addition to all other balances in my account. In the following 2 months, I got surprised by about {$79.00} in charges, which is an absurd APR ( {$79.00} for 1 day! ). \n\nUpon discussion with customer service, they finally admited to weird and likely unlawful practices of charging interest for at least 2 months, irrespective whether I paid the bill the next day or not. In addition, any new charges to the credit card was \" game '' for them to charge me more interest, which were transactions not even billed yet, so there was no way I would have known I was paying interest on them and would otherwise have long dropped this credit card to begin with. \n\nThis is effectively charging interest on purchases that have not made into a statement yet, giving the consumer the wrong impression of how a credit card should work. Had I known they would keep charging me interest on any balance on the card, including current in progress cycle, I would have stopped used this credit card immediately. I clearly had the funds to do so, as you can see on the timeline attached, I just missed 1 day of payment. Overall, this seems malpractice, a sort of scam to charge more interest, completely diminishing the trust in this financial system, and potentially causing imense hardship for customers that are already struggling to pay their bills. This seems illegal to me and should likely be reviewed by the State Attorney 's General Office and be target for Class action suits, since it might be impacting millions of Americans trying to stay afloat in the economy. This ultimately makes their bills unbearable to pay for if they don't have the means. \n\nThis agency should review these practices and decide whether this is legitimate type of interaction and whether it's not an abuse of consumers ' trust."
}

Chunk:
in summary, due to a newborn arrival, i got 1 day delayed in a full statement payment, resulting in only partial payment for that month. the amount left over was about { $ 1000. 00 }, which was paid in full the next day in addition to all other balances in my account. in the following 2 months, i got surprised by about { $ 79. 00 } in charges, which is an absurd apr ( { $ 79. 00 } for 1 day! ). upon discussion with customer service, they finally admited to weird and likely unlawful practices of charging interest for at least 2 months, irrespective whether i paid the bill the next day or not. in addition, any new charges to the credit card was " game'' for them to charge me more interest, which were transactions not even billed yet, so there was no way i would have known i was paying interest on them and would otherwise have long dropped this credit card to begin with. this is effectively charging interest on purchases that have not made into a statement yet, giving the consumer the wrong impression of how a credit card should work. had i known they would keep charging me interest on any balance on the card, including current in progress cycle, i would have stopped used this credit card immediately. i clearly had the funds to do so, as you can see on the timeline attached, i just missed 1 day of payment. overall, this seems malpractice, a sort of scam to charge more interest, completely diminishing the trust in this financial system, and potentially causing imense hardship for customers that are already struggling to pay their bills. this seems illegal to me and should likely be reviewed by the state attorney's general office and be target for class action suits, since it might be impacting millions of americans trying to stay afloat in the economy. this ultimately makes their bills unbearable to pay for if they don't have the means. this agency should review these practices and decide whether this is legitimate type of interaction and whether it's not an abuse of consumers'trust.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995249509811401
}
