Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9472169,
  "complaint_id": "9472169",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Dear Sir/Madam, Subject : Request for 1099-C Form Pursuant to FCRA 1681s-2 I am writing to formally request a 1099-C form from Bank of America for the following charged-off debt under my name : Account Number ending in : XXXX Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), specifically 1681s-2, furnishers of information to consumer reporting agencies are required to accurately report and update the status of debts, including debts that have been charged off. I believe this request falls under your responsibility as a furnisher of information to provide accurate and complete information to consumer reporting agencies. \n\nTo ensure compliance with IRS regulations and to properly manage my tax reporting obligations, I kindly request that Bank of America issue a 1099-C form for the aforementioned charged-off debt. Please provide this form to me at your earliest convenience via CFPB response or email. \n\nIf you require any additional information or documentation to process this request, please do not hesitate to contact me at XXXX or thought this CFPB portal. I appreciate your prompt attention to this matter and look forward to receiving the requested 1099-C form. \n\nThank you for your cooperation. \n\nSincerely, XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Incorrect information on your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "32818",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-07-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Account status incorrect",
  "text": "Dear Sir/Madam, Subject : Request for 1099-C Form Pursuant to FCRA 1681s-2 I am writing to formally request a 1099-C form from Bank of America for the following charged-off debt under my name : Account Number ending in : XXXX Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), specifically 1681s-2, furnishers of information to consumer reporting agencies are required to accurately report and update the status of debts, including debts that have been charged off. I believe this request falls under your responsibility as a furnisher of information to provide accurate and complete information to consumer reporting agencies. \n\nTo ensure compliance with IRS regulations and to properly manage my tax reporting obligations, I kindly request that Bank of America issue a 1099-C form for the aforementioned charged-off debt. Please provide this form to me at your earliest convenience via CFPB response or email. \n\nIf you require any additional information or documentation to process this request, please do not hesitate to contact me at XXXX or thought this CFPB portal. I appreciate your prompt attention to this matter and look forward to receiving the requested 1099-C form. \n\nThank you for your cooperation. \n\nSincerely, XXXX"
}

Chunk:
dear sir / madam, subject : request for 1099 - c form pursuant to fcra 1681s - 2 i am writing to formally request a 1099 - c form from bank of america for the following charged - off debt under my name : account number ending in : xxxx under the fair credit reporting act ( fcra ), specifically 1681s - 2, furnishers of information to consumer reporting agencies are required to accurately report and update the status of debts, including debts that have been charged off. i believe this request falls under your responsibility as a furnisher of information to provide accurate and complete information to consumer reporting agencies. to ensure compliance with irs regulations and to properly manage my tax reporting obligations, i kindly request that bank of america issue a 1099 - c form for the aforementioned charged - off debt. please provide this form to me at your earliest convenience via cfpb response or email. if you require any additional information or documentation to process this request, please do not hesitate to contact me at xxxx or thought this cfpb portal. i appreciate your prompt attention to this matter and look forward to receiving the requested 1099 - c form. thank you for your cooperation. sincerely, xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "POSITIVE",
  "score": 0.9957470297813416
}
