Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9410551,
  "complaint_id": "9410551",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Sometime in XXXX I called Citi Bank to cancel my XXXX XXXX credit card because my upcoming yearly fee was coming and I could not afford it due to circumstances. The customer service rep told me I could convert my card to another lower tiered XXXX XXXX card called the XXXX XXXX XXXX with no annual fees. Her name was XXXX and the case number is XXXX. She said I should call back between XX/XX/XXXX and XXXX to do the conversion because her system was not able to do a conversion at that time. She assured me that since that was still before my annual fee I would be ok and I wouldn't have a fee. I asked multiple times if she was sure and she assured me this is something they do all the time. \n\nOn XX/XX/XXXX I called back and spoke to another rep which I didnt write his name down. I asked about the conversion and he said the XXXXXXXX XXXX card was not available for a conversion but he has another card called the double cash that offered the same XXXX annual fees. I was disappointed it was not an XXXX XXXX card and again asked him multiple times about the no fees. I made it very clear that the reason I want to do this is because I was not able to afford the upcoming {$100.00} fee on the current card. He too agreed that this conversion would save me the fees. He sent me a disclosure which I read while he waited ( see attached document ). It specifically said there are no fees for this card. I waited while he processed the conversion. \n\nOn XX/XX/XXXX I received a statement from Citi Card in my email and when I opened it there was {$100.00} statement balance. I do not use this card so immediately I knew I was billed the fee the many conversations from citi employees has assured me would never happen. I called customer service and spoke to XXXX case # XXXX. At first she told me it was a yearly membership fee. I explained my story and let her know I was promised that this was not a card with a fee. She put me on hold and then told me that she was mistaken, it was the annual fee charged for my previous card and that because the conversion was not complete my new credit card received the fee and that when the conversion is complete I would get the fee waived automatically. She had no idea when this process would be complete but there is nothing she could do to remove the fee and I must pay at least the minimum balance. I told her I had no money to pay it and that the disclosure and conversations I had indicated there is no fee. She told me to call the credit specialist number at XXXX during the day. \n\nSometime after that ( a few days ago ) I dialed the number only for it to be XXXX credit Bureau and nothing to do with Citi Card at all. I then contacted Citi Card via online chat and explained my situation once again. I wanted the fee removed because at this point I was lied to or misinformed and never agreed to have this card with any membership fees. This person via chat whose name was XXXX ( or XXXX ) - see enclosed chat, informed me that the fee will be reversed after 51 days after conversion and that it would be automatic and I dont have to worry about it. He told me there is nothing he can do to waive the fee and that I have to pay the minimum balance and request a credit back later. I paid the minimum balance today and I was set to wait until 51 days has passed, but today I received a letter from Citi letting me know the ANNUAL membership fee for the double cash card was billed ( see attached letter ). I was converted to another card with an ANNUAL fee despite all the customer reps and disclosure document I agreed to that says otherwise. \n\nLet me just simplify this horrifying situation that is Citi Card customer service. \n\nThe attached disclosure clearly shows a {$0.00} annual membership fee for this card and my many conversations with reps as well. All representatives I spoke to has misinformed me of various situation they either didnt understand or deliberately lied about. No one knew what was happening, and as a direct result of their misinformation they have billed my credit card an annual fee I did not agree to, attempted very fiercely to prevent, but despite all my due diligence and responsible attitudes to not have a fee I was not able to afford at this time, I still have the fee sitting on my account. No one at Citi card able or willing to remove it. I am utterly disgusted and has lost faith in our banking and credit system. I have a Home Depot card through Citi from XXXX and has managed it extremely well. This was unprofessional and downright scammish behavior from a large national bank and I feel completely helpless and have felt as if I have lost control of my personal finances when banks can hit you with fees and incompetent customer service, often forcing consumers to just pay up to avoid more conflicts. \n\nAlso to date, I have not received the new card that was supposed to be converted.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "062XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CT",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "Sometime in XXXX I called Citi Bank to cancel my XXXX XXXX credit card because my upcoming yearly fee was coming and I could not afford it due to circumstances. The customer service rep told me I could convert my card to another lower tiered XXXX XXXX card called the XXXX XXXX XXXX with no annual fees. Her name was XXXX and the case number is XXXX. She said I should call back between XX/XX/XXXX and XXXX to do the conversion because her system was not able to do a conversion at that time. She assured me that since that was still before my annual fee I would be ok and I wouldn't have a fee. I asked multiple times if she was sure and she assured me this is something they do all the time. \n\nOn XX/XX/XXXX I called back and spoke to another rep which I didnt write his name down. I asked about the conversion and he said the XXXXXXXX XXXX card was not available for a conversion but he has another card called the double cash that offered the same XXXX annual fees. I was disappointed it was not an XXXX XXXX card and again asked him multiple times about the no fees. I made it very clear that the reason I want to do this is because I was not able to afford the upcoming {$100.00} fee on the current card. He too agreed that this conversion would save me the fees. He sent me a disclosure which I read while he waited ( see attached document ). It specifically said there are no fees for this card. I waited while he processed the conversion. \n\nOn XX/XX/XXXX I received a statement from Citi Card in my email and when I opened it there was {$100.00} statement balance. I do not use this card so immediately I knew I was billed the fee the many conversations from citi employees has assured me would never happen. I called customer service and spoke to XXXX case # XXXX. At first she told me it was a yearly membership fee. I explained my story and let her know I was promised that this was not a card with a fee. She put me on hold and then told me that she was mistaken, it was the annual fee charged for my previous card and that because the conversion was not complete my new credit card received the fee and that when the conversion is complete I would get the fee waived automatically. She had no idea when this process would be complete but there is nothing she could do to remove the fee and I must pay at least the minimum balance. I told her I had no money to pay it and that the disclosure and conversations I had indicated there is no fee. She told me to call the credit specialist number at XXXX during the day. \n\nSometime after that ( a few days ago ) I dialed the number only for it to be XXXX credit Bureau and nothing to do with Citi Card at all. I then contacted Citi Card via online chat and explained my situation once again. I wanted the fee removed because at this point I was lied to or misinformed and never agreed to have this card with any membership fees. This person via chat whose name was XXXX ( or XXXX ) - see enclosed chat, informed me that the fee will be reversed after 51 days after conversion and that it would be automatic and I dont have to worry about it. He told me there is nothing he can do to waive the fee and that I have to pay the minimum balance and request a credit back later. I paid the minimum balance today and I was set to wait until 51 days has passed, but today I received a letter from Citi letting me know the ANNUAL membership fee for the double cash card was billed ( see attached letter ). I was converted to another card with an ANNUAL fee despite all the customer reps and disclosure document I agreed to that says otherwise. \n\nLet me just simplify this horrifying situation that is Citi Card customer service. \n\nThe attached disclosure clearly shows a {$0.00} annual membership fee for this card and my many conversations with reps as well. All representatives I spoke to has misinformed me of various situation they either didnt understand or deliberately lied about. No one knew what was happening, and as a direct result of their misinformation they have billed my credit card an annual fee I did not agree to, attempted very fiercely to prevent, but despite all my due diligence and responsible attitudes to not have a fee I was not able to afford at this time, I still have the fee sitting on my account. No one at Citi card able or willing to remove it. I am utterly disgusted and has lost faith in our banking and credit system. I have a Home Depot card through Citi from XXXX and has managed it extremely well. This was unprofessional and downright scammish behavior from a large national bank and I feel completely helpless and have felt as if I have lost control of my personal finances when banks can hit you with fees and incompetent customer service, often forcing consumers to just pay up to avoid more conflicts. \n\nAlso to date, I have not received the new card that was supposed to be converted."
}

Chunk:
personal finances when banks can hit you with fees and incompetent customer service, often forcing consumers to just pay up to avoid more conflicts. also to date, i have not received the new card that was supposed to be converted.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988998174667358
}
