Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9090904,
  "complaint_id": "9090904",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX I am disputing the purchase of a XXXX XXXX machine that was put on my XXXXXXXX XXXX and more cards on XX/XX/2023 for the amount of XXXX. They sold me a defective machine and I still do not have an operating machine ( which I filed a dispute on both accounts and Synchrony found with XXXX side ) I have found out some additional information on these XXXX accounts with XXXX. While trying to get an answer to my disputes on Synchrony card I found my information was hidden, a phone representative helped me to get that information in my online account. When I got to the information, I found a letter they had posted that my credit increase was declined on XXXX for to much outstanding debt. Then XXXX applied for the credit increase again and got me approved for the credit on XXXX. But I found in my online account information that my income was {$4000.00} over the income I submitted to XXXX for the application. I asked how that amount was put in and the representative told me by whoever did the application. I have several accounts with the same bank, and they have the amounts I reported at time of application. I do not understand how XXXX was able to get not only a credit increase when it had been declined a day earlier on my account but was able to also approve a new account to be opened of {$9000.00}. I feel they falsified my actual income by doubling it. I could not get any more information from Synchrony Bank on this. I asked for the electronic application XXXX submitted but was refused. I feel like this was done by XXXX to get me approved. I reported my correct income to XXXX as you can see, the application I signed ; if my income was reported to the credit application as {$7500.00} per month it would represent fraud of my income. I feel Synchrony should investigate this problem with XXXX providing false information. I was told from a XXXX employee that a salesperson was fired at XXXX XXXX XXXX for falsely reporting income on applications and was caught by a mystery shopper. I feel they did this because they knew that Synchrony would find the dispute of the transaction in favor of them and not the customer. I am still with a non-functional machine that I have been making payments on for 11 months and XXXX wont come to a solution because they got their money from Synchrony and know I am stuck with the bill and a non-working machine. There are XXXX XXXX XXXX  more card accounts and they split the transaction between the XXXX, but this will only allow me to enter XXXX card number",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "385XX",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "XXXX I am disputing the purchase of a XXXX XXXX machine that was put on my XXXXXXXX XXXX and more cards on XX/XX/2023 for the amount of XXXX. They sold me a defective machine and I still do not have an operating machine ( which I filed a dispute on both accounts and Synchrony found with XXXX side ) I have found out some additional information on these XXXX accounts with XXXX. While trying to get an answer to my disputes on Synchrony card I found my information was hidden, a phone representative helped me to get that information in my online account. When I got to the information, I found a letter they had posted that my credit increase was declined on XXXX for to much outstanding debt. Then XXXX applied for the credit increase again and got me approved for the credit on XXXX. But I found in my online account information that my income was {$4000.00} over the income I submitted to XXXX for the application. I asked how that amount was put in and the representative told me by whoever did the application. I have several accounts with the same bank, and they have the amounts I reported at time of application. I do not understand how XXXX was able to get not only a credit increase when it had been declined a day earlier on my account but was able to also approve a new account to be opened of {$9000.00}. I feel they falsified my actual income by doubling it. I could not get any more information from Synchrony Bank on this. I asked for the electronic application XXXX submitted but was refused. I feel like this was done by XXXX to get me approved. I reported my correct income to XXXX as you can see, the application I signed ; if my income was reported to the credit application as {$7500.00} per month it would represent fraud of my income. I feel Synchrony should investigate this problem with XXXX providing false information. I was told from a XXXX employee that a salesperson was fired at XXXX XXXX XXXX for falsely reporting income on applications and was caught by a mystery shopper. I feel they did this because they knew that Synchrony would find the dispute of the transaction in favor of them and not the customer. I am still with a non-functional machine that I have been making payments on for 11 months and XXXX wont come to a solution because they got their money from Synchrony and know I am stuck with the bill and a non-working machine. There are XXXX XXXX XXXX  more card accounts and they split the transaction between the XXXX, but this will only allow me to enter XXXX card number"
}

Chunk:
xxxx i am disputing the purchase of a xxxx xxxx machine that was put on my xxxxxxxx xxxx and more cards on xx / xx / 2023 for the amount of xxxx. they sold me a defective machine and i still do not have an operating machine ( which i filed a dispute on both accounts and synchrony found with xxxx side ) i have found out some additional information on these xxxx accounts with xxxx. while trying to get an answer to my disputes on synchrony card i found my information was hidden, a phone representative helped me to get that information in my online account. when i got to the information, i found a letter they had posted that my credit increase was declined on xxxx for to much outstanding debt. then xxxx applied for the credit increase again and got me approved for the credit on xxxx. but i found in my online account information that my income was { $ 4000. 00 } over the income i submitted to xxxx for the application. i asked how that amount was put in and the representative told me by whoever did the application. i have several accounts with the same bank, and they have the amounts i reported at time of application. i do not understand how xxxx was able to get not only a credit increase when it had been declined a day earlier on my account but was able to also approve a new account to be opened of { $ 9000. 00 }. i feel they falsified my actual income by doubling it. i could not get any more information from synchrony bank on this. i asked for the electronic application xxxx submitted but was refused. i feel like this was done by xxxx to get me approved. i reported my correct income to xxxx as you can see, the application i signed ; if my income was reported to the credit application as { $ 7500. 00 } per month it would represent fraud of my income. i feel synchrony should investigate this problem with xxxx providing false information. i was told from a xxxx employee that a salesperson was fired at xxxx xxxx xxxx for falsely reporting income on applications and was caught by a mystery shopper. i feel they did this because they knew that synchrony would find the dispute of the transaction in favor of them and not the customer. i am still with a non - functional machine that i have been making payments on for 11 months and xxxx wont come to a solution because they got their money from sync

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.998849630355835
}
