Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9374870,
  "complaint_id": "9374870",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I received counterfeit items from various XXXX purchases from the same seller. I talked to XXXX numerous times and got various stories. Finally XXXX acknowledged the seller was a fraud and was selling counterfeit items. They told me all along to be patient and then they will tell me what to do with the items to get my refund. Now that the seller has been banned from listing items, I got the bait and switch ; they are not refunding me. Instead they are coming up with excuses to my credit card on why not to refund me. I have contacted Bank of America and faxed various documents proving the notary listed on my items was a fraudulent, non-existent person by calling the state and through online notary verification process open to the public. They now want a 2nd opinion letter and I had to pay for that as well, which shouldnt even matter since XXXX has already taken action against the seller.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I received counterfeit items from various XXXX purchases from the same seller. I talked to XXXX numerous times and got various stories. Finally XXXX acknowledged the seller was a fraud and was selling counterfeit items. They told me all along to be patient and then they will tell me what to do with the items to get my refund. Now that the seller has been banned from listing items, I got the bait and switch ; they are not refunding me. Instead they are coming up with excuses to my credit card on why not to refund me. I have contacted Bank of America and faxed various documents proving the notary listed on my items was a fraudulent, non-existent person by calling the state and through online notary verification process open to the public. They now want a 2nd opinion letter and I had to pay for that as well, which shouldnt even matter since XXXX has already taken action against the seller."
}

Chunk:
i received counterfeit items from various xxxx purchases from the same seller. i talked to xxxx numerous times and got various stories. finally xxxx acknowledged the seller was a fraud and was selling counterfeit items. they told me all along to be patient and then they will tell me what to do with the items to get my refund. now that the seller has been banned from listing items, i got the bait and switch ; they are not refunding me. instead they are coming up with excuses to my credit card on why not to refund me. i have contacted bank of america and faxed various documents proving the notary listed on my items was a fraudulent, non - existent person by calling the state and through online notary verification process open to the public. they now want a 2nd opinion letter and i had to pay for that as well, which shouldnt even matter since xxxx has already taken action against the seller.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.99747234582901
}
