Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9044271,
  "complaint_id": "9044271",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX and XXXX I've called Chase informing them I've once again been locked out of my account. They know I'm a military family stationed overseas and claim that they can use my international number. XX/XX/XXXX and XXXX I informed them I can not get into my account and my bill is due soon. The customer service representative abruptly hung up as i was speaking. This is the second time they've done this and the first time it affected my credit score, as they marked my payment as late, knowing i called over 5 times with no resolve. It wasn't until they gave me a late payment charge that they allowed me to pay over the phone. I had told them then that the prompt to pay wasn't an option it was giving when i called in. There is a token option in which representatives choose to disregard, knowing it's the only way to get me into my account. Suddenly, i keep having to go through extra verification steps they can't claim they can't get through even when i answer security questions correctly.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AP",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX and XXXX I've called Chase informing them I've once again been locked out of my account. They know I'm a military family stationed overseas and claim that they can use my international number. XX/XX/XXXX and XXXX I informed them I can not get into my account and my bill is due soon. The customer service representative abruptly hung up as i was speaking. This is the second time they've done this and the first time it affected my credit score, as they marked my payment as late, knowing i called over 5 times with no resolve. It wasn't until they gave me a late payment charge that they allowed me to pay over the phone. I had told them then that the prompt to pay wasn't an option it was giving when i called in. There is a token option in which representatives choose to disregard, knowing it's the only way to get me into my account. Suddenly, i keep having to go through extra verification steps they can't claim they can't get through even when i answer security questions correctly."
}

Chunk:
xx / xx / xxxx, xxxx and xxxx i've called chase informing them i've once again been locked out of my account. they know i'm a military family stationed overseas and claim that they can use my international number. xx / xx / xxxx and xxxx i informed them i can not get into my account and my bill is due soon. the customer service representative abruptly hung up as i was speaking. this is the second time they've done this and the first time it affected my credit score, as they marked my payment as late, knowing i called over 5 times with no resolve. it wasn't until they gave me a late payment charge that they allowed me to pay over the phone. i had told them then that the prompt to pay wasn't an option it was giving when i called in. there is a token option in which representatives choose to disregard, knowing it's the only way to get me into my account. suddenly, i keep having to go through extra verification steps they can't claim they can't get through even when i answer security questions correctly.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996287822723389
}
