Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9194383,
  "complaint_id": "9194383",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Subject : Incorrect Returned Payment Charges on capital one Credit Card Statement I have 2 accounts with capital one. I am writing to bring to your attention an issue with my recent credit card statements. It appears that several payments I made to my Capital One account have been incorrectly recorded as returned payments. Consequently, these payments are being reflected as charges on my account instead of credits. \n\nFor example, I made a payment of {$200.00}. However, my statement indicates that this payment was returned. I have verified with my bank that this payment was successfully processed. \n\nDespite my attempts to resolve this issue through phone conversations with customer service representatives, the error remains unresolved. I am requesting a thorough review of my account to correct these inaccuracies. The payments in question were successfully processed and should be accurately reflected as credits on my account but then on their statement it says they received it and then it says returned so then its like if I never made that payment and this is on multiple payments. Since then they have closed my accounts I was making multiple payments monthly. XXXX I will gladly forward all statements to support my complaint. \n\nThank you for your attention to this matter. I appreciate your prompt resolution of this issue and look forward to your response. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX -- - Attachments : XXXX. Bank Statements Confirming Payments ---",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "90262",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "You never received your bill or did not know a payment was due",
  "text": "Subject : Incorrect Returned Payment Charges on capital one Credit Card Statement I have 2 accounts with capital one. I am writing to bring to your attention an issue with my recent credit card statements. It appears that several payments I made to my Capital One account have been incorrectly recorded as returned payments. Consequently, these payments are being reflected as charges on my account instead of credits. \n\nFor example, I made a payment of {$200.00}. However, my statement indicates that this payment was returned. I have verified with my bank that this payment was successfully processed. \n\nDespite my attempts to resolve this issue through phone conversations with customer service representatives, the error remains unresolved. I am requesting a thorough review of my account to correct these inaccuracies. The payments in question were successfully processed and should be accurately reflected as credits on my account but then on their statement it says they received it and then it says returned so then its like if I never made that payment and this is on multiple payments. Since then they have closed my accounts I was making multiple payments monthly. XXXX I will gladly forward all statements to support my complaint. \n\nThank you for your attention to this matter. I appreciate your prompt resolution of this issue and look forward to your response. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX -- - Attachments : XXXX. Bank Statements Confirming Payments ---"
}

Chunk:
subject : incorrect returned payment charges on capital one credit card statement i have 2 accounts with capital one. i am writing to bring to your attention an issue with my recent credit card statements. it appears that several payments i made to my capital one account have been incorrectly recorded as returned payments. consequently, these payments are being reflected as charges on my account instead of credits. for example, i made a payment of { $ 200. 00 }. however, my statement indicates that this payment was returned. i have verified with my bank that this payment was successfully processed. despite my attempts to resolve this issue through phone conversations with customer service representatives, the error remains unresolved. i am requesting a thorough review of my account to correct these inaccuracies. the payments in question were successfully processed and should be accurately reflected as credits on my account but then on their statement it says they received it and then it says returned so then its like if i never made that payment and this is on multiple payments. since then they have closed my accounts i was making multiple payments monthly. xxxx i will gladly forward all statements to support my complaint. thank you for your attention to this matter. i appreciate your prompt resolution of this issue and look forward to your response. sincerely, xxxx xxxx - - - attachments : xxxx. bank statements confirming payments - - -

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9751548767089844
}
