Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9270968,
  "complaint_id": "9270968",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I opened a dispute with my XXXX Fidelity credit card for about {$800.00} resulting from an incident in which a XXXX customer service representative told me the wrong information when I was seeking a refund I was owed for tickets I had purchased but that were never delivered to me, resulting in XXXX refusing to provide me the refund. I opened a dispute with Fidelity, because I purchased the tickets originally with my Fidelity XXXX card. I was told I would receive a letter in the mail asking for more information so Fidelity could investigate the dispute. I waited, but never received the letter in the mail. About a month later I received a letter in the mail saying my dispute was being closed because I did not provide the required information. I immediately called back to ask for the dispute to be reopened. The customer service agent told me she reopened the dispute. I asked her whether I could provide the necessary information over the phone instead of waiting to receive a letter in the mail. She said yes and I explained the details of the dispute. She said Fidelity would follow up with me about next steps. When about a month passed and I didnt hear anything, I called Fidelity back. I was told the dispute was never reopened and that under XXXX strict rules it could not be reopened because more than 30 days had passed since I opened it. That sounds like a completely arbitrary and overly restrictive rule meant to deny valid disputes. Fidelity is refusing to help me, and I have now been scammed by both XXXX and Fidelity. It is clear the companies are using their immense corporate power to steal money from hard working people like myself. Fidelity claims they sent me a letter and called me twice to ask for more information about the dispute, but I never received the letter and dont have a record of missed calls from them in my call log. I am being denied the opportunity to have my dispute considered and I need help. There is a serious problem here. I have always been incredibly willing to provide whatever information Fidelity needs to resolve the dispute but they intentionally make it very difficult to do so so they can avoid paying out legitimate claims. This is a major problem.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "20016",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "U.S. BANCORP",
  "date_received": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "DC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I opened a dispute with my XXXX Fidelity credit card for about {$800.00} resulting from an incident in which a XXXX customer service representative told me the wrong information when I was seeking a refund I was owed for tickets I had purchased but that were never delivered to me, resulting in XXXX refusing to provide me the refund. I opened a dispute with Fidelity, because I purchased the tickets originally with my Fidelity XXXX card. I was told I would receive a letter in the mail asking for more information so Fidelity could investigate the dispute. I waited, but never received the letter in the mail. About a month later I received a letter in the mail saying my dispute was being closed because I did not provide the required information. I immediately called back to ask for the dispute to be reopened. The customer service agent told me she reopened the dispute. I asked her whether I could provide the necessary information over the phone instead of waiting to receive a letter in the mail. She said yes and I explained the details of the dispute. She said Fidelity would follow up with me about next steps. When about a month passed and I didnt hear anything, I called Fidelity back. I was told the dispute was never reopened and that under XXXX strict rules it could not be reopened because more than 30 days had passed since I opened it. That sounds like a completely arbitrary and overly restrictive rule meant to deny valid disputes. Fidelity is refusing to help me, and I have now been scammed by both XXXX and Fidelity. It is clear the companies are using their immense corporate power to steal money from hard working people like myself. Fidelity claims they sent me a letter and called me twice to ask for more information about the dispute, but I never received the letter and dont have a record of missed calls from them in my call log. I am being denied the opportunity to have my dispute considered and I need help. There is a serious problem here. I have always been incredibly willing to provide whatever information Fidelity needs to resolve the dispute but they intentionally make it very difficult to do so so they can avoid paying out legitimate claims. This is a major problem."
}

Chunk:
i opened a dispute with my xxxx fidelity credit card for about { $ 800. 00 } resulting from an incident in which a xxxx customer service representative told me the wrong information when i was seeking a refund i was owed for tickets i had purchased but that were never delivered to me, resulting in xxxx refusing to provide me the refund. i opened a dispute with fidelity, because i purchased the tickets originally with my fidelity xxxx card. i was told i would receive a letter in the mail asking for more information so fidelity could investigate the dispute. i waited, but never received the letter in the mail. about a month later i received a letter in the mail saying my dispute was being closed because i did not provide the required information. i immediately called back to ask for the dispute to be reopened. the customer service agent told me she reopened the dispute. i asked her whether i could provide the necessary information over the phone instead of waiting to receive a letter in the mail. she said yes and i explained the details of the dispute. she said fidelity would follow up with me about next steps. when about a month passed and i didnt hear anything, i called fidelity back. i was told the dispute was never reopened and that under xxxx strict rules it could not be reopened because more than 30 days had passed since i opened it. that sounds like a completely arbitrary and overly restrictive rule meant to deny valid disputes. fidelity is refusing to help me, and i have now been scammed by both xxxx and fidelity. it is clear the companies are using their immense corporate power to steal money from hard working people like myself. fidelity claims they sent me a letter and called me twice to ask for more information about the dispute, but i never received the letter and dont have a record of missed calls from them in my call log. i am being denied the opportunity to have my dispute considered and i need help. there is a serious problem here. i have always been incredibly willing to provide whatever information fidelity needs to resolve the dispute but they intentionally make it very difficult to do so so they can avoid paying out legitimate claims. this is a major problem.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999414324760437
}
