Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9148617,
  "complaint_id": "9148617",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "American Express continues to deceive customers to believe that they are on the card member 's side ( even after the XXXX  penalties ). \n\nRecently, after speaking to several agent, who encouraged me to use their dispute program promising me a fair resolution, I decided to use Amex dispute process in lieu of the merchant 's own dispute program. However, evidently, Amex dispute department did not even read the initial dispute documentation I provided, which should already invalidate the merchant 's defense.\n\nIt was clearly stated upfront that I am aware of my responsibility of returning the broken / defective and not as described merchandise. However, per the merchant 's own policy ( attached as a part of the supporting documents ), the merchant is liable to pick up or otherwise assist the buyer ( me ) to return the merchandise. At the minimum, the merchant is required to : 1. Provide an adequate return label ( the one provided was invalid or at least inadequate ). \n2. Provide packing / moving reimbursement.\n\n3. Provide assistance in removing or packing the hazardous material associated with this return. \n\nAll the above was clearly outlined in the merchant 's own policies. Yet American Express did not thoroughly examine all the documentation I provided. I was repeatedly promised a fair and adequate resolution by American Express. That's why I decided to participate and use your card for this transaction. Yet, I am left in an impasse. Because I selected American Express 's dispute program, I am no longer qualified to participate in the merchant 's own program. Now I am out XXXX.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "780XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "American Express continues to deceive customers to believe that they are on the card member 's side ( even after the XXXX  penalties ). \n\nRecently, after speaking to several agent, who encouraged me to use their dispute program promising me a fair resolution, I decided to use Amex dispute process in lieu of the merchant 's own dispute program. However, evidently, Amex dispute department did not even read the initial dispute documentation I provided, which should already invalidate the merchant 's defense.\n\nIt was clearly stated upfront that I am aware of my responsibility of returning the broken / defective and not as described merchandise. However, per the merchant 's own policy ( attached as a part of the supporting documents ), the merchant is liable to pick up or otherwise assist the buyer ( me ) to return the merchandise. At the minimum, the merchant is required to : 1. Provide an adequate return label ( the one provided was invalid or at least inadequate ). \n2. Provide packing / moving reimbursement.\n\n3. Provide assistance in removing or packing the hazardous material associated with this return. \n\nAll the above was clearly outlined in the merchant 's own policies. Yet American Express did not thoroughly examine all the documentation I provided. I was repeatedly promised a fair and adequate resolution by American Express. That's why I decided to participate and use your card for this transaction. Yet, I am left in an impasse. Because I selected American Express 's dispute program, I am no longer qualified to participate in the merchant 's own program. Now I am out XXXX."
}

Chunk:
american express continues to deceive customers to believe that they are on the card member's side ( even after the xxxx penalties ). recently, after speaking to several agent, who encouraged me to use their dispute program promising me a fair resolution, i decided to use amex dispute process in lieu of the merchant's own dispute program. however, evidently, amex dispute department did not even read the initial dispute documentation i provided, which should already invalidate the merchant's defense. it was clearly stated upfront that i am aware of my responsibility of returning the broken / defective and not as described merchandise. however, per the merchant's own policy ( attached as a part of the supporting documents ), the merchant is liable to pick up or otherwise assist the buyer ( me ) to return the merchandise. at the minimum, the merchant is required to : 1. provide an adequate return label ( the one provided was invalid or at least inadequate ). 2. provide packing / moving reimbursement. 3. provide assistance in removing or packing the hazardous material associated with this return. all the above was clearly outlined in the merchant's own policies. yet american express did not thoroughly examine all the documentation i provided. i was repeatedly promised a fair and adequate resolution by american express. that's why i decided to participate and use your card for this transaction. yet, i am left in an impasse. because i selected american express's dispute program, i am no longer qualified to participate in the merchant's own program. now i am out xxxx.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995038509368896
}
