Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9291844,
  "complaint_id": "9291844",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "FBNO bank does not have an option to see the amount that the credit card holder has scheduled to be paid. The company does not send an email confirmation, post it on the credit card holder 's online account, or show any way to see the scheduled payment UNTIL AFTER IT HAS POSTED. Due to this, I have had more than one payment be for a different amount than I believe I scheduled. I have no proof to say that I scheduled a different amount. This is a deceptive practice, and it should not be allowed. When I call, FNBO can not cancel the payment. They suggest I call my bank and set up a stop payment - another fee. This is the only option as when this happens, it ties up my account for days, trying to process the payment. The payment gets denied, and then a few days later FNBO tries AGAIN to debit the payment, tying my account up again. In the meantime, I try to schedule a payment to avoid the late fee for what I know will be a missed payment, and I can't, because there is no balance due. This is a deceptive practice that is not consumer friendly- in fact it is detrimental to consumers. In my case, it is tying up my account and other transactions can't go through, resulting in more fees and hassle for myself.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "60302",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA",
  "date_received": "2024-06-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "FBNO bank does not have an option to see the amount that the credit card holder has scheduled to be paid. The company does not send an email confirmation, post it on the credit card holder 's online account, or show any way to see the scheduled payment UNTIL AFTER IT HAS POSTED. Due to this, I have had more than one payment be for a different amount than I believe I scheduled. I have no proof to say that I scheduled a different amount. This is a deceptive practice, and it should not be allowed. When I call, FNBO can not cancel the payment. They suggest I call my bank and set up a stop payment - another fee. This is the only option as when this happens, it ties up my account for days, trying to process the payment. The payment gets denied, and then a few days later FNBO tries AGAIN to debit the payment, tying my account up again. In the meantime, I try to schedule a payment to avoid the late fee for what I know will be a missed payment, and I can't, because there is no balance due. This is a deceptive practice that is not consumer friendly- in fact it is detrimental to consumers. In my case, it is tying up my account and other transactions can't go through, resulting in more fees and hassle for myself."
}

Chunk:
fbno bank does not have an option to see the amount that the credit card holder has scheduled to be paid. the company does not send an email confirmation, post it on the credit card holder's online account, or show any way to see the scheduled payment until after it has posted. due to this, i have had more than one payment be for a different amount than i believe i scheduled. i have no proof to say that i scheduled a different amount. this is a deceptive practice, and it should not be allowed. when i call, fnbo can not cancel the payment. they suggest i call my bank and set up a stop payment - another fee. this is the only option as when this happens, it ties up my account for days, trying to process the payment. the payment gets denied, and then a few days later fnbo tries again to debit the payment, tying my account up again. in the meantime, i try to schedule a payment to avoid the late fee for what i know will be a missed payment, and i can't, because there is no balance due. this is a deceptive practice that is not consumer friendly - in fact it is detrimental to consumers. in my case, it is tying up my account and other transactions can't go through, resulting in more fees and hassle for myself.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993641972541809
}
