Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9248519,
  "complaint_id": "9248519",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I opened the new Citi XXXX XXXX XXXX with a sign up bonus of XXXX XXXX Points for spending XXXX USD within 3 months of account opening. \n\nMy card arrived around 2 weeks after opening the account, I could spend around XXXX USD within the first week after I received the card. My credit limit is more than twice the welcome bonus, so it covers all my transaction. However I experienced multiple times a declined transaction. So far a total of around XXXX USD in my transaction made and authorized by me was declined by the issuing Citibank. \n\nRight know my card is completely locked against my will by Citibank due to \" security '' concerns. I called in multiple times and authorized me successfully multiple times by several different types of identification. I total I already spend over 30 hours in the hotline because my card was declined XXXX to \" security '' reasons. For all the declined transactions I could use a different credit card from a different bank without any issues.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "372XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "I opened the new Citi XXXX XXXX XXXX with a sign up bonus of XXXX XXXX Points for spending XXXX USD within 3 months of account opening. \n\nMy card arrived around 2 weeks after opening the account, I could spend around XXXX USD within the first week after I received the card. My credit limit is more than twice the welcome bonus, so it covers all my transaction. However I experienced multiple times a declined transaction. So far a total of around XXXX USD in my transaction made and authorized by me was declined by the issuing Citibank. \n\nRight know my card is completely locked against my will by Citibank due to \" security '' concerns. I called in multiple times and authorized me successfully multiple times by several different types of identification. I total I already spend over 30 hours in the hotline because my card was declined XXXX to \" security '' reasons. For all the declined transactions I could use a different credit card from a different bank without any issues."
}

Chunk:
i opened the new citi xxxx xxxx xxxx with a sign up bonus of xxxx xxxx points for spending xxxx usd within 3 months of account opening. my card arrived around 2 weeks after opening the account, i could spend around xxxx usd within the first week after i received the card. my credit limit is more than twice the welcome bonus, so it covers all my transaction. however i experienced multiple times a declined transaction. so far a total of around xxxx usd in my transaction made and authorized by me was declined by the issuing citibank. right know my card is completely locked against my will by citibank due to " security'' concerns. i called in multiple times and authorized me successfully multiple times by several different types of identification. i total i already spend over 30 hours in the hotline because my card was declined xxxx to " security'' reasons. for all the declined transactions i could use a different credit card from a different bank without any issues.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9924004077911377
}
