Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9265556,
  "complaint_id": "9265556",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to express my frustration with Navy Federal Credit Union ( NFCU ) for their refusal to temporarily lower interest rates to help alleviate financial strain on military members like myself. Despite multiple requests, NFCU has consistently declined to adjust my loan interest rates during times of financial hardship, making it difficult to manage my finances. I pay about {$8000.00} a year in interest alone, which makes it impossible to ever get ahead. Furthermore, NFCU has been sweeping funds from my checking account without prior notification to satisfy their own payments, which has caused numerous overdrafts and additional fees. This lack of flexibility and transparency has only compounded my financial difficulties. I urge the CFPB to investigate these practices and ensure that NFCU provides fair and supportive financial services to military members.\n\nFor context : XXXX XXXX, XXXX and XXXX have all assisted, but the credit union for military members wont.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Struggling to pay your bill",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33611",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "In progress",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't work with you while you're going through financial hardship",
  "text": "I am writing to express my frustration with Navy Federal Credit Union ( NFCU ) for their refusal to temporarily lower interest rates to help alleviate financial strain on military members like myself. Despite multiple requests, NFCU has consistently declined to adjust my loan interest rates during times of financial hardship, making it difficult to manage my finances. I pay about {$8000.00} a year in interest alone, which makes it impossible to ever get ahead. Furthermore, NFCU has been sweeping funds from my checking account without prior notification to satisfy their own payments, which has caused numerous overdrafts and additional fees. This lack of flexibility and transparency has only compounded my financial difficulties. I urge the CFPB to investigate these practices and ensure that NFCU provides fair and supportive financial services to military members.\n\nFor context : XXXX XXXX, XXXX and XXXX have all assisted, but the credit union for military members wont."
}

Chunk:
i am writing to express my frustration with navy federal credit union ( nfcu ) for their refusal to temporarily lower interest rates to help alleviate financial strain on military members like myself. despite multiple requests, nfcu has consistently declined to adjust my loan interest rates during times of financial hardship, making it difficult to manage my finances. i pay about { $ 8000. 00 } a year in interest alone, which makes it impossible to ever get ahead. furthermore, nfcu has been sweeping funds from my checking account without prior notification to satisfy their own payments, which has caused numerous overdrafts and additional fees. this lack of flexibility and transparency has only compounded my financial difficulties. i urge the cfpb to investigate these practices and ensure that nfcu provides fair and supportive financial services to military members. for context : xxxx xxxx, xxxx and xxxx have all assisted, but the credit union for military members wont.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9884682297706604
}
