Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9037058,
  "complaint_id": "9037058",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I knew that my XXXX interest rate was going to go up as my XXXX  % XXXX expired. It was a really big increase so I needed to change my payment due date so that I wouldn't be overdrawn. I had tremendous difficulty implementing this change. Nowhere on Bank of America 's website does it say how to do this simple task. I even went to the bank itself and made an appointment. No one at the bank knew how to do it. He called the credit card number and no one answered the phone for XXXX minutes and this was Bank of America calling Bank of America. I finally had to leave. The recording only says to go online to solve any problem except they have no way to get this done online. I called XXXX more time out of desperation today and by some miracle got a human being on the line. She said the payment date could be changed but would have to wait until XXXX. Why does Bank of America treat people so badly? They are very efficient at implementing changes that benefit them but terribly slow at implementing changes that benefit their customers. I am making this complaint as I think their telephone hold times are absolutely unacceptable and I think they should be able to make a change like this a XXXX minute operation online. I hope complaints like this will change their way of operating.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "904XX",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Unexpected increase in interest rate",
  "text": "I knew that my XXXX interest rate was going to go up as my XXXX  % XXXX expired. It was a really big increase so I needed to change my payment due date so that I wouldn't be overdrawn. I had tremendous difficulty implementing this change. Nowhere on Bank of America 's website does it say how to do this simple task. I even went to the bank itself and made an appointment. No one at the bank knew how to do it. He called the credit card number and no one answered the phone for XXXX minutes and this was Bank of America calling Bank of America. I finally had to leave. The recording only says to go online to solve any problem except they have no way to get this done online. I called XXXX more time out of desperation today and by some miracle got a human being on the line. She said the payment date could be changed but would have to wait until XXXX. Why does Bank of America treat people so badly? They are very efficient at implementing changes that benefit them but terribly slow at implementing changes that benefit their customers. I am making this complaint as I think their telephone hold times are absolutely unacceptable and I think they should be able to make a change like this a XXXX minute operation online. I hope complaints like this will change their way of operating."
}

Chunk:
i knew that my xxxx interest rate was going to go up as my xxxx % xxxx expired. it was a really big increase so i needed to change my payment due date so that i wouldn't be overdrawn. i had tremendous difficulty implementing this change. nowhere on bank of america's website does it say how to do this simple task. i even went to the bank itself and made an appointment. no one at the bank knew how to do it. he called the credit card number and no one answered the phone for xxxx minutes and this was bank of america calling bank of america. i finally had to leave. the recording only says to go online to solve any problem except they have no way to get this done online. i called xxxx more time out of desperation today and by some miracle got a human being on the line. she said the payment date could be changed but would have to wait until xxxx. why does bank of america treat people so badly? they are very efficient at implementing changes that benefit them but terribly slow at implementing changes that benefit their customers. i am making this complaint as i think their telephone hold times are absolutely unacceptable and i think they should be able to make a change like this a xxxx minute operation online. i hope complaints like this will change their way of operating.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991105198860168
}
