Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9019428,
  "complaint_id": "9019428",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Dear Sir/Madam, I am writing to formally complain about a serious issue concerning my credit card associated with Home Depot and the subsequent lack of support provided by their customer service team. \n\nIn XX/XX/2024, I received a notification alerting me to a charge on my account. As I still have possession of my card, I believed this to be fraudulent, so I immediately attempted to contact customer service to verify the transaction, understand its details, and dispute it. Despite my efforts in calling the team three time, I am extremely dissatisfied with the responses received.\n\nEach time, representatives were unwilling to disclose any details of the transaction, including the amount, which is vital for verifying the legitimacy of the charge. Also, I asked for the appropriate mailing address to formally dispute the charge and express my intention to close my account because of this breach. Regrettably, the team failed to provide the necessary support or guidance on how I could proceed with these security concerns.\n\nThis experience not only raises significant concern over Home Depot 's security measures but also suggests a disappointingr care and accountability in handling potential fraud situations lack of custome.\n\nTherefore, I am requesting an immediate resolution to this matter by : 1. Providing me with the transaction details of the disputed charge.\n\n2. Issuing a reversal of any fraudulent charges incurred on my account.\n\n3. Providing the mailing address where I can send a formal dispute and request for account closure.\n\n4. Closing my account posthaste to prevent any further unauthorized activity.\n\nPlease treat this matter with the urgency it requires, as it affects my financial security and trust in Home Depot. I expect a response from Home Depot, failing which I will have no choice but to escalate this issue through legal channels and report it to the relevant financial oversight and consumer protection agencies.\n\nThank you for your prompt attention to this serious matter. I look forward to your swift response and resolution.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "92103",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "Dear Sir/Madam, I am writing to formally complain about a serious issue concerning my credit card associated with Home Depot and the subsequent lack of support provided by their customer service team. \n\nIn XX/XX/2024, I received a notification alerting me to a charge on my account. As I still have possession of my card, I believed this to be fraudulent, so I immediately attempted to contact customer service to verify the transaction, understand its details, and dispute it. Despite my efforts in calling the team three time, I am extremely dissatisfied with the responses received.\n\nEach time, representatives were unwilling to disclose any details of the transaction, including the amount, which is vital for verifying the legitimacy of the charge. Also, I asked for the appropriate mailing address to formally dispute the charge and express my intention to close my account because of this breach. Regrettably, the team failed to provide the necessary support or guidance on how I could proceed with these security concerns.\n\nThis experience not only raises significant concern over Home Depot 's security measures but also suggests a disappointingr care and accountability in handling potential fraud situations lack of custome.\n\nTherefore, I am requesting an immediate resolution to this matter by : 1. Providing me with the transaction details of the disputed charge.\n\n2. Issuing a reversal of any fraudulent charges incurred on my account.\n\n3. Providing the mailing address where I can send a formal dispute and request for account closure.\n\n4. Closing my account posthaste to prevent any further unauthorized activity.\n\nPlease treat this matter with the urgency it requires, as it affects my financial security and trust in Home Depot. I expect a response from Home Depot, failing which I will have no choice but to escalate this issue through legal channels and report it to the relevant financial oversight and consumer protection agencies.\n\nThank you for your prompt attention to this serious matter. I look forward to your swift response and resolution."
}

Chunk:
dear sir / madam, i am writing to formally complain about a serious issue concerning my credit card associated with home depot and the subsequent lack of support provided by their customer service team. in xx / xx / 2024, i received a notification alerting me to a charge on my account. as i still have possession of my card, i believed this to be fraudulent, so i immediately attempted to contact customer service to verify the transaction, understand its details, and dispute it. despite my efforts in calling the team three time, i am extremely dissatisfied with the responses received. each time, representatives were unwilling to disclose any details of the transaction, including the amount, which is vital for verifying the legitimacy of the charge. also, i asked for the appropriate mailing address to formally dispute the charge and express my intention to close my account because of this breach. regrettably, the team failed to provide the necessary support or guidance on how i could proceed with these security concerns. this experience not only raises significant concern over home depot's security measures but also suggests a disappointingr care and accountability in handling potential fraud situations lack of custome. therefore, i am requesting an immediate resolution to this matter by : 1. providing me with the transaction details of the disputed charge. 2. issuing a reversal of any fraudulent charges incurred on my account. 3. providing the mailing address where i can send a formal dispute and request for account closure. 4. closing my account posthaste to prevent any further unauthorized activity. please treat this matter with the urgency it requires, as it affects my financial security and trust in home depot. i expect a response from home depot, failing which i will have no choice but to escalate this issue through legal channels and report it to the relevant financial oversight and consumer protection agencies. thank you for your prompt attention to this serious matter. i look forward to your swift response and resolution.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9976490139961243
}
