Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9104867,
  "complaint_id": "9104867",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "This is a follow-up to a previous filed CFPB report against Chase Bank regarding inappropriate and unethical actions taken by their employees. Through a series of events lasting several events, I had been given incorrect information, was misled by multiple customer service agents including supervisors, and was issued a credit card without my consent. The previous file number is XXXX. In response, Chase Bank responded to my previous report making multiple false statements and claims. Realizing I have very little power against a powerful company and they are the only party who has access to the call recordings, I will provide the evidence that I have that proves they are lying against me. \n\nFirst, in their response, they claimed We also confirmed that no credit pull was made because the decline is a pre-credit check decision. This was in fact a lie. I pulled my credit report history and attached a screenshot that clearly shows JP Morgan performed a hard credit check on me. This is confirmed not only by XXXX XXXX who provided a notification when the credit check was performed, but ALSO a screenshot from Chases internal credit report systems that show there was a recent credit check on me that impacts my credit score. How is it possible that this was so easy for me to confirm but Chase was unwilling/unable to do so? Maybe they did confirm but assumed that I would be too ignorant or lazy to confirm myself?\n\nSecond, they claimed they never sent a follow-up letter to my previous concerns/escalations indicating that there was any misdoing or misinformation. However, again I am attaching the letter that they sent to me when they also sent me a Chase Sapphire Reserve card without my consent. In this letter from Chase, they state Were sorry for your recent customer service experience. Our goal is to provide you with the service you deserve, and this time we did not. As well as Please be assured that we have provided the necessary feedback to the Specialist regarding this and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused. These are direct quotes from the letter that they sent to me that they CLAIMED they NEVER sent to me. How is that possible? Additionally, in their complaint response through CFPB, they claim they never provided false information. If that is true, then why would they sent this letter claiming that they Provided the necessary feedback to the Specialist if all of the information provided was correct in their opinion? Did they just lie in saying that provided feedback just to make me feel better, but never did anything at all? Did they even listen to any of the recorded calls that they have in their records?\n\nWhile these are the only two false claims I am able to prove alone and may seem insignificant, it goes to show that Chase and their customer service team are willing to lie even against what used to be a loyal customer. I still stand that the information I was given was false. I still stand that I did not provide consent to move into a Chase Sapphire Reserve plan. I clearly indicated multiple times that the only reason I would want to Upgrade to a new credit card was if I would be eligible for the intro bonus points. When it was clear this would not be happening, then that should have been clear to all Chase employees that I was not interested in the Chase Sapphire Reserve card. I demand a formal response from Chase explaining why they made numerous lies in their complaint response and what their plan of action is to reprimand and retrain those employees who lied in their response, but also the employees who provided incorrect information AS WELL as those employees who authorized an upgrade from the Chase Sapphire Preferred to the Chase Sapphire Reserve card without my consent.\n\nI would like a formal apology and an admission that Chase was wrong and falsified information against me. As stated numerous times, the only resolution I see that is appropriate, especially considering that they DID in fact perform a credit check, that they allow me to participate in the intro bonus points program for the Chase Sapphire Reserve card. I am not asking for free money or free points. I am not an unreasonable nor unintelligent individual. I am simply asking to allow me to earn the points that I WOULD have been eligible for by now if I was simply given the correct information from Day 1. If I was given the correct information at the very beginning when this first started end of XXXX, I could have deactivate previous credit cards, waited several months for the accounts to clear with credit agencies, and then applied appropriately 2-3 months later. All would have been transitioned appropriately and without any issues, and I would have EARNED all of the appropriate intro points by this time. But because Chase has decided to dig their heels down in the ground, ineffectively investigate their own company, and provide any appropriate response, I have had no choice but to submit another CFPB report.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "60062",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "This is a follow-up to a previous filed CFPB report against Chase Bank regarding inappropriate and unethical actions taken by their employees. Through a series of events lasting several events, I had been given incorrect information, was misled by multiple customer service agents including supervisors, and was issued a credit card without my consent. The previous file number is XXXX. In response, Chase Bank responded to my previous report making multiple false statements and claims. Realizing I have very little power against a powerful company and they are the only party who has access to the call recordings, I will provide the evidence that I have that proves they are lying against me. \n\nFirst, in their response, they claimed We also confirmed that no credit pull was made because the decline is a pre-credit check decision. This was in fact a lie. I pulled my credit report history and attached a screenshot that clearly shows JP Morgan performed a hard credit check on me. This is confirmed not only by XXXX XXXX who provided a notification when the credit check was performed, but ALSO a screenshot from Chases internal credit report systems that show there was a recent credit check on me that impacts my credit score. How is it possible that this was so easy for me to confirm but Chase was unwilling/unable to do so? Maybe they did confirm but assumed that I would be too ignorant or lazy to confirm myself?\n\nSecond, they claimed they never sent a follow-up letter to my previous concerns/escalations indicating that there was any misdoing or misinformation. However, again I am attaching the letter that they sent to me when they also sent me a Chase Sapphire Reserve card without my consent. In this letter from Chase, they state Were sorry for your recent customer service experience. Our goal is to provide you with the service you deserve, and this time we did not. As well as Please be assured that we have provided the necessary feedback to the Specialist regarding this and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused. These are direct quotes from the letter that they sent to me that they CLAIMED they NEVER sent to me. How is that possible? Additionally, in their complaint response through CFPB, they claim they never provided false information. If that is true, then why would they sent this letter claiming that they Provided the necessary feedback to the Specialist if all of the information provided was correct in their opinion? Did they just lie in saying that provided feedback just to make me feel better, but never did anything at all? Did they even listen to any of the recorded calls that they have in their records?\n\nWhile these are the only two false claims I am able to prove alone and may seem insignificant, it goes to show that Chase and their customer service team are willing to lie even against what used to be a loyal customer. I still stand that the information I was given was false. I still stand that I did not provide consent to move into a Chase Sapphire Reserve plan. I clearly indicated multiple times that the only reason I would want to Upgrade to a new credit card was if I would be eligible for the intro bonus points. When it was clear this would not be happening, then that should have been clear to all Chase employees that I was not interested in the Chase Sapphire Reserve card. I demand a formal response from Chase explaining why they made numerous lies in their complaint response and what their plan of action is to reprimand and retrain those employees who lied in their response, but also the employees who provided incorrect information AS WELL as those employees who authorized an upgrade from the Chase Sapphire Preferred to the Chase Sapphire Reserve card without my consent.\n\nI would like a formal apology and an admission that Chase was wrong and falsified information against me. As stated numerous times, the only resolution I see that is appropriate, especially considering that they DID in fact perform a credit check, that they allow me to participate in the intro bonus points program for the Chase Sapphire Reserve card. I am not asking for free money or free points. I am not an unreasonable nor unintelligent individual. I am simply asking to allow me to earn the points that I WOULD have been eligible for by now if I was simply given the correct information from Day 1. If I was given the correct information at the very beginning when this first started end of XXXX, I could have deactivate previous credit cards, waited several months for the accounts to clear with credit agencies, and then applied appropriately 2-3 months later. All would have been transitioned appropriately and without any issues, and I would have EARNED all of the appropriate intro points by this time. But because Chase has decided to dig their heels down in the ground, ineffectively investigate their own company, and provide any appropriate response, I have had no choice but to submit another CFPB report."
}

Chunk:
even listen to any of the recorded calls that they have in their records? while these are the only two false claims i am able to prove alone and may seem insignificant, it goes to show that chase and their customer service team are willing to lie even against what used to be a loyal customer. i still stand that the information i was given was false. i still stand that i did not provide consent to move into a chase sapphire reserve plan. i clearly indicated multiple times that the only reason i would want to upgrade to a new credit card was if i would be eligible for the intro bonus points. when it was clear this would not be happening, then that should have been clear to all chase employees that i was not interested in the chase sapphire reserve card. i demand a formal response from chase explaining why they made numerous lies in their complaint response and what their plan of action is to reprimand and retrain those employees who lied in their response, but also the employees who provided incorrect information as well as those employees who authorized an upgrade from the chase sapphire preferred to the chase sapphire reserve card without my consent. i would like a formal apology and an admission that chase was wrong and falsified information against me. as stated numerous times, the only resolution i see that is appropriate, especially considering that they did in fact perform a credit check, that they allow me to participate in the intro bonus points program for the chase sapphire reserve card. i am not asking for free money or free points. i am not an unreasonable nor unintelligent individual. i am simply asking to allow me to earn the points that i would have been eligible for by now if i was simply given the correct information from day 1. if i was given the correct information at the very beginning when this first started end of xxxx, i could have deactivate previous credit cards, waited several months for the accounts to clear with credit agencies, and then applied appropriately 2 - 3 months later. all would have been transitioned appropriately and without any issues, and i would have earned all of the appropriate intro points by this time. but because chase has decided to dig their heels down in the ground, ineffectively investigate their own company, and provide any appropriate response, i have had no choice but to submit another cfpb report.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9985285997390747
}
