Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9041031,
  "complaint_id": "9041031",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am a longtime member of Paypal with a Paypal Credit line of credit, linked to one and only one Paypal account, which is in good standing.\n\nI decided to simply CHANGE THE PAYPAL CREDIT ACCOUNT NUMBER ; at the advice of\nvarious Paypal employees over the months. I have had issues with various forms of document, physical theft as well as account breaches across nearly all accounts of mine regardless of security measures and antivirus scans. \nI was told by the Paypal employee that NOTHING other than the Paypal account number would be changed and that the available credit would be available to be used immediately. It is now Saturday, XX/XX/year> and I am not seeing my Paypal Credit account on my Paypal account and do not have access to it. Only my account number was used to prevent fraud that I myself requested to change at the suggestion of various employees at Paypal Credit. I was never given the new account number and now do not have access to it, leaving me open to possible fraud at the hands of Paypal Credit 's incompetence. \nMy account is in very good standing with various promotional as well as regular purchases along with paperless statements and account alerts that I still have access to so this is very concerning.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "07011",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "I am a longtime member of Paypal with a Paypal Credit line of credit, linked to one and only one Paypal account, which is in good standing.\n\nI decided to simply CHANGE THE PAYPAL CREDIT ACCOUNT NUMBER ; at the advice of\nvarious Paypal employees over the months. I have had issues with various forms of document, physical theft as well as account breaches across nearly all accounts of mine regardless of security measures and antivirus scans. \nI was told by the Paypal employee that NOTHING other than the Paypal account number would be changed and that the available credit would be available to be used immediately. It is now Saturday, XX/XX/year> and I am not seeing my Paypal Credit account on my Paypal account and do not have access to it. Only my account number was used to prevent fraud that I myself requested to change at the suggestion of various employees at Paypal Credit. I was never given the new account number and now do not have access to it, leaving me open to possible fraud at the hands of Paypal Credit 's incompetence. \nMy account is in very good standing with various promotional as well as regular purchases along with paperless statements and account alerts that I still have access to so this is very concerning."
}

Chunk:
i am a longtime member of paypal with a paypal credit line of credit, linked to one and only one paypal account, which is in good standing. i decided to simply change the paypal credit account number ; at the advice of various paypal employees over the months. i have had issues with various forms of document, physical theft as well as account breaches across nearly all accounts of mine regardless of security measures and antivirus scans. i was told by the paypal employee that nothing other than the paypal account number would be changed and that the available credit would be available to be used immediately. it is now saturday, xx / xx / year > and i am not seeing my paypal credit account on my paypal account and do not have access to it. only my account number was used to prevent fraud that i myself requested to change at the suggestion of various employees at paypal credit. i was never given the new account number and now do not have access to it, leaving me open to possible fraud at the hands of paypal credit's incompetence. my account is in very good standing with various promotional as well as regular purchases along with paperless statements and account alerts that i still have access to so this is very concerning.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9874994158744812
}
