Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9269627,
  "complaint_id": "9269627",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am filing a complaint with the CFPB regarding Citibanks advertising of the Citi XXXX XXXX specifically its inclusion of XXXX XXXX XXXX  as a benefit. Citibank advertises that the Citi XXXX XXXX includes Priority Pass Select, yet when I contacted Citibank for instructions on accessing this benefit, I was instructed to contact XXXX XXXX directly. However, when I contacted XXXX XXXX, they informed me that Citibank should provide the necessary information. \n\nThis contradictory information leads me to believe that Citibank may be engaging in false advertising by claiming to offer a service they do not provide effectively. This situation has caused confusion and inconvenience as I am unable to access the XXXX XXXX XXXX benefit that was a significant factor in choosing this card. \n\nI would like the CFPB to investigate this matter to ensure compliance with consumer protection laws. Specifically, I believe this issue XXXX violate Section XXXX of the Federal Trade Commission XXXX, which prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices in commerce. \n\nThank you for your attention to this matter.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "20748",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MD",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Confusing or misleading advertising about the credit card",
  "text": "I am filing a complaint with the CFPB regarding Citibanks advertising of the Citi XXXX XXXX specifically its inclusion of XXXX XXXX XXXX  as a benefit. Citibank advertises that the Citi XXXX XXXX includes Priority Pass Select, yet when I contacted Citibank for instructions on accessing this benefit, I was instructed to contact XXXX XXXX directly. However, when I contacted XXXX XXXX, they informed me that Citibank should provide the necessary information. \n\nThis contradictory information leads me to believe that Citibank may be engaging in false advertising by claiming to offer a service they do not provide effectively. This situation has caused confusion and inconvenience as I am unable to access the XXXX XXXX XXXX benefit that was a significant factor in choosing this card. \n\nI would like the CFPB to investigate this matter to ensure compliance with consumer protection laws. Specifically, I believe this issue XXXX violate Section XXXX of the Federal Trade Commission XXXX, which prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices in commerce. \n\nThank you for your attention to this matter."
}

Chunk:
i am filing a complaint with the cfpb regarding citibanks advertising of the citi xxxx xxxx specifically its inclusion of xxxx xxxx xxxx as a benefit. citibank advertises that the citi xxxx xxxx includes priority pass select, yet when i contacted citibank for instructions on accessing this benefit, i was instructed to contact xxxx xxxx directly. however, when i contacted xxxx xxxx, they informed me that citibank should provide the necessary information. this contradictory information leads me to believe that citibank may be engaging in false advertising by claiming to offer a service they do not provide effectively. this situation has caused confusion and inconvenience as i am unable to access the xxxx xxxx xxxx benefit that was a significant factor in choosing this card. i would like the cfpb to investigate this matter to ensure compliance with consumer protection laws. specifically, i believe this issue xxxx violate section xxxx of the federal trade commission xxxx, which prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices in commerce. thank you for your attention to this matter.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9936228394508362
}
