Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9223447,
  "complaint_id": "9223447",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I reported to you on XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX PM, [ Wells Fargo Bank ] not less than XXXX hours of the purchase with my apprehensions of the company, my gut feeling that I was being scammed and requested a chargeback on the purchases that consists of XXXX transactions, XXXX for {$5000.00} and the other for {$4000.00}. \n\nIt is now XX/XX/XXXX and I still have yet to receive the chargebacks Or the service and products that I purchased from XXXX XXXX for the XXXX XXXX XXXX. When I had first contacted Wells Fargo, I explained to that I was directed by a man named XXXX XXXX to review content on the Company by way of a link. I explained this and I had forwarded my findings in how I found I was overcharged, and I wanted to cancel the purchase and I no longer felt comfortable about the purchase. In addition to this I also stated the content I had read and viewed was disturbing and I wanted to be no part of this companies values. \n\nI was directed by the Wells Fargo employee to contact the vendor myself, and request a refund. That Wells Fargo would still continue to investigate the disputes, but if I am able to resolve it myself, I should try. \n\nI did contact the vendor, on the same day of the transactions by way of the only means I knew at the time, text messaging. I did so in good faith and explained exactly as I did to Wells Fargo, what my findings were and that I no longer wished to be a part of their community. I asked that they would kindly return my purchase as I had not received the products yet, and I had not used any of the resources promised me in the purchase. On XX/XX/XXXX I was told by XXXX that I should not contact the Credit Card Company that they ( XXXX XXXX ) would handle it on their end. I did not inform XXXX that I had already filed my disputes. I also forwarded my communications with this vendor to Wells Fargo immediately following and additional communications days following, to a designated email address supplied to me by the Wells Fargo employee = XXXX. \n\nAfter 5 days going back and forth with XXXX trying to talk me out of canceling when it came time to process the transactions, XXXX 's demeanor changed became abrupt and he said he needed to forward the request to Corporate ( XXXX XXXX ) for approval and IF he approved it. We hung up, I saw a call had come in from XXXX XXXX and I called him. We spoke for a length of time, he told me he understood where I was coming from he said we are here to help people, but he felt he needed to speak with XXXX to see what happened. He told me he would call me later that night ( XX/XX/XXXX ). The owner XXXX XXXX finally responded on XX/XX/XXXX to me at XXXX PM by email stating that he felt XXXX hours of coaching at no additional expense would help me rather than cancelling the purchase like I had requested. \n\nAgain, I still have yet to receive the product and services I purchased. I was told by XXXX XXXX, that I was to get together with XXXX to reschedule the On Boarding Call, where then I would obtain the goods and begin receiving the services. I still have yet to hear from the Company, or XXXX for whom I have reached out to them all in regards to rescheduling the On Boarding call. \n\nIn fact they have sent me communications stating if I did not register for my on boarding call, PRIOR to my cancelling Notification, they would not work with me. That they only work with Serious People. This still does not give them permission to keep my money. \n\nIt does not state this in the contract, nor is the contract is a No Refund contract. Nor do I feel the contract enforceable according to the Consumer Finance and Protection Act. The Contract states they want me to use the product and if after 90 days of effort and a proof of itemized receipts of no less than {$3000.00} purchases in Ads where I am still unhappy, they will refund my money. \n\nI have not received the product or service to use it for 90 days. I have never received what I paid for as of XX/XX/XXXX. They have no right to keep my money. And I am Appealing my dispute and request that I be given the Chargebacks on these XXXX transactions to XXXX aka XXXX XXXX aka XXXX XXXX, XXXX aka XXXX - XXXX XXXX XXXX. \n\nWhat I thought I had purchased, and it is listed in a contract that I have provided Wells Fargo, was a Product and a Service from the company, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. This falls under the classification of 'certain transactions ' of the TLA stated below.\n\nThe Truth in Lending Act ( TILA ), 15 U.S.C. 1635, gives borrowers the right to rescind certain transactions by notifying the creditor.\n\nI did notify my creditor within 3 to 8 hours ( on the day of the transaction ) of my impeding concerns, my findings after the purchase, and my wanting to rescind the transactions in full, due to information I had obtained that the company was fraudulent and or deceptive in their practices, and targeting older persons such as myself.\n\nToday, I again ask that these charges be reversed, that my account be corrected and my statement be updated.\n\nI believe that my bank, Wells Fargo has allowed fraudulent practices, is co mingling with scammers by allowing their fraudulent transactions and claims in a sustaining business opportunity that distinctly is a Money Laundering scheme. That Wells Fargo should be held accountable, from not listening to their customers, waiving their right to rescind ANY transaction be it between bank to bank, consumer to bank, vendor to consumer. They should not be able to say what can be disputed when I choose to cancel the transaction. It is my right to cancel the transaction. I have that right to not spend my money if I have found it an illegal product, fraudulent and or money laundering scheme. And I would think Wells Fargo would want me to do the same if they have my best interests as well as their own in mind. \n\nIf my transactions do not get reversed where I no longer have made the purchases to this company, when the time comes to make payment on these purchases, I will not make them. I am filing this complaint here, with the FTC, the Credit Reporting Agencies and with the Attorney General and anywhere else it is suggested that I file my claim. The fact I notified my Bank who is lending the money to me to pay back to them, and honor who I have found after the transaction was a dishonest and criminal transaction. That they ( Wells Fargo ) will HONOR the transaction, to the Criminal, and place me in a position to pay the debt for services and product I have not received. They should be charged with aiding and a bedding terrorists. They too are assisting in money laundering.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "95687",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I reported to you on XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX PM, [ Wells Fargo Bank ] not less than XXXX hours of the purchase with my apprehensions of the company, my gut feeling that I was being scammed and requested a chargeback on the purchases that consists of XXXX transactions, XXXX for {$5000.00} and the other for {$4000.00}. \n\nIt is now XX/XX/XXXX and I still have yet to receive the chargebacks Or the service and products that I purchased from XXXX XXXX for the XXXX XXXX XXXX. When I had first contacted Wells Fargo, I explained to that I was directed by a man named XXXX XXXX to review content on the Company by way of a link. I explained this and I had forwarded my findings in how I found I was overcharged, and I wanted to cancel the purchase and I no longer felt comfortable about the purchase. In addition to this I also stated the content I had read and viewed was disturbing and I wanted to be no part of this companies values. \n\nI was directed by the Wells Fargo employee to contact the vendor myself, and request a refund. That Wells Fargo would still continue to investigate the disputes, but if I am able to resolve it myself, I should try. \n\nI did contact the vendor, on the same day of the transactions by way of the only means I knew at the time, text messaging. I did so in good faith and explained exactly as I did to Wells Fargo, what my findings were and that I no longer wished to be a part of their community. I asked that they would kindly return my purchase as I had not received the products yet, and I had not used any of the resources promised me in the purchase. On XX/XX/XXXX I was told by XXXX that I should not contact the Credit Card Company that they ( XXXX XXXX ) would handle it on their end. I did not inform XXXX that I had already filed my disputes. I also forwarded my communications with this vendor to Wells Fargo immediately following and additional communications days following, to a designated email address supplied to me by the Wells Fargo employee = XXXX. \n\nAfter 5 days going back and forth with XXXX trying to talk me out of canceling when it came time to process the transactions, XXXX 's demeanor changed became abrupt and he said he needed to forward the request to Corporate ( XXXX XXXX ) for approval and IF he approved it. We hung up, I saw a call had come in from XXXX XXXX and I called him. We spoke for a length of time, he told me he understood where I was coming from he said we are here to help people, but he felt he needed to speak with XXXX to see what happened. He told me he would call me later that night ( XX/XX/XXXX ). The owner XXXX XXXX finally responded on XX/XX/XXXX to me at XXXX PM by email stating that he felt XXXX hours of coaching at no additional expense would help me rather than cancelling the purchase like I had requested. \n\nAgain, I still have yet to receive the product and services I purchased. I was told by XXXX XXXX, that I was to get together with XXXX to reschedule the On Boarding Call, where then I would obtain the goods and begin receiving the services. I still have yet to hear from the Company, or XXXX for whom I have reached out to them all in regards to rescheduling the On Boarding call. \n\nIn fact they have sent me communications stating if I did not register for my on boarding call, PRIOR to my cancelling Notification, they would not work with me. That they only work with Serious People. This still does not give them permission to keep my money. \n\nIt does not state this in the contract, nor is the contract is a No Refund contract. Nor do I feel the contract enforceable according to the Consumer Finance and Protection Act. The Contract states they want me to use the product and if after 90 days of effort and a proof of itemized receipts of no less than {$3000.00} purchases in Ads where I am still unhappy, they will refund my money. \n\nI have not received the product or service to use it for 90 days. I have never received what I paid for as of XX/XX/XXXX. They have no right to keep my money. And I am Appealing my dispute and request that I be given the Chargebacks on these XXXX transactions to XXXX aka XXXX XXXX aka XXXX XXXX, XXXX aka XXXX - XXXX XXXX XXXX. \n\nWhat I thought I had purchased, and it is listed in a contract that I have provided Wells Fargo, was a Product and a Service from the company, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. This falls under the classification of 'certain transactions ' of the TLA stated below.\n\nThe Truth in Lending Act ( TILA ), 15 U.S.C. 1635, gives borrowers the right to rescind certain transactions by notifying the creditor.\n\nI did notify my creditor within 3 to 8 hours ( on the day of the transaction ) of my impeding concerns, my findings after the purchase, and my wanting to rescind the transactions in full, due to information I had obtained that the company was fraudulent and or deceptive in their practices, and targeting older persons such as myself.\n\nToday, I again ask that these charges be reversed, that my account be corrected and my statement be updated.\n\nI believe that my bank, Wells Fargo has allowed fraudulent practices, is co mingling with scammers by allowing their fraudulent transactions and claims in a sustaining business opportunity that distinctly is a Money Laundering scheme. That Wells Fargo should be held accountable, from not listening to their customers, waiving their right to rescind ANY transaction be it between bank to bank, consumer to bank, vendor to consumer. They should not be able to say what can be disputed when I choose to cancel the transaction. It is my right to cancel the transaction. I have that right to not spend my money if I have found it an illegal product, fraudulent and or money laundering scheme. And I would think Wells Fargo would want me to do the same if they have my best interests as well as their own in mind. \n\nIf my transactions do not get reversed where I no longer have made the purchases to this company, when the time comes to make payment on these purchases, I will not make them. I am filing this complaint here, with the FTC, the Credit Reporting Agencies and with the Attorney General and anywhere else it is suggested that I file my claim. The fact I notified my Bank who is lending the money to me to pay back to them, and honor who I have found after the transaction was a dishonest and criminal transaction. That they ( Wells Fargo ) will HONOR the transaction, to the Criminal, and place me in a position to pay the debt for services and product I have not received. They should be charged with aiding and a bedding terrorists. They too are assisting in money laundering."
}

Chunk:
( tila ), 15 u. s. c. 1635, gives borrowers the right to rescind certain transactions by notifying the creditor. i did notify my creditor within 3 to 8 hours ( on the day of the transaction ) of my impeding concerns, my findings after the purchase, and my wanting to rescind the transactions in full, due to information i had obtained that the company was fraudulent and or deceptive in their practices, and targeting older persons such as myself. today, i again ask that these charges be reversed, that my account be corrected and my statement be updated. i believe that my bank, wells fargo has allowed fraudulent practices, is co mingling with scammers by allowing their fraudulent transactions and claims in a sustaining business opportunity that distinctly is a money laundering scheme. that wells fargo should be held accountable, from not listening to their customers, waiving their right to rescind any transaction be it between bank to bank, consumer to bank, vendor to consumer. they should not be able to say what can be disputed when i choose to cancel the transaction. it is my right to cancel the transaction. i have that right to not spend my money if i have found it an illegal product, fraudulent and or money laundering scheme. and i would think wells fargo would want me to do the same if they have my best interests as well as their own in mind. if my transactions do not get reversed where i no longer have made the purchases to this company, when the time comes to make payment on these purchases, i will not make them. i am filing this complaint here, with the ftc, the credit reporting agencies and with the attorney general and anywhere else it is suggested that i file my claim. the fact i notified my bank who is lending the money to me to pay back to them, and honor who i have found after the transaction was a dishonest and criminal transaction. that they ( wells fargo ) will honor the transaction, to the criminal, and place me in a position to pay the debt for services and product i have not received. they should be charged with aiding and a bedding terrorists. they too are assisting in money laundering.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9974241256713867
}
