Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9071770,
  "complaint_id": "9071770",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Long time Capital One Customer. XXXX credit on my personal venture card. Opened a new Spark card with XXXX credit. Before the Spark card arrived Cap One froze my accounts, both of them. Capital One was now requiring some documents for ID and income verification. No Problem ... ... One item they required was your social security card copy. I don't have it with me as I am traveling abroad. It is in a storage center in XXXX XXXX. \n\nI requested a replacement card from Social Security the day the notice arrived but that takes XXXX weeks ( on a good day ). So I searched the Social Security site and they say you do not need an actual card to prove your number. There are a variety of acceptable documents including a XXXX or XXXX from a bank. \n\nSo I sent along with the other documents a copy of one of my XXXX statement from 2023 that showed my complete SS #. \n\nThey will not accept anything except the blue and red card. XXXX or XXXX conversations with everyone from customer service that could not even see my account since it was fraud frozen to the fraud depart and XXXX different managers on XXXX different calls. They all said the same thing. Its the blue and red card or nothing. \n\nSo the spark card can not be used, but my personal Venture card works just fine, except I can not log into my account via the web or app. I think that Capital One is being unreasonable in their in flexibility to not accept proof by alternate accepted documents. \n\nFor a customer that has been with Cap One for a long time with a high credit limit and a perfect credit record, I feel like I am being treated as worthless or like someone that is trying to scam the system. \n\nHoping for some help with this matter.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33308",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "Long time Capital One Customer. XXXX credit on my personal venture card. Opened a new Spark card with XXXX credit. Before the Spark card arrived Cap One froze my accounts, both of them. Capital One was now requiring some documents for ID and income verification. No Problem ... ... One item they required was your social security card copy. I don't have it with me as I am traveling abroad. It is in a storage center in XXXX XXXX. \n\nI requested a replacement card from Social Security the day the notice arrived but that takes XXXX weeks ( on a good day ). So I searched the Social Security site and they say you do not need an actual card to prove your number. There are a variety of acceptable documents including a XXXX or XXXX from a bank. \n\nSo I sent along with the other documents a copy of one of my XXXX statement from 2023 that showed my complete SS #. \n\nThey will not accept anything except the blue and red card. XXXX or XXXX conversations with everyone from customer service that could not even see my account since it was fraud frozen to the fraud depart and XXXX different managers on XXXX different calls. They all said the same thing. Its the blue and red card or nothing. \n\nSo the spark card can not be used, but my personal Venture card works just fine, except I can not log into my account via the web or app. I think that Capital One is being unreasonable in their in flexibility to not accept proof by alternate accepted documents. \n\nFor a customer that has been with Cap One for a long time with a high credit limit and a perfect credit record, I feel like I am being treated as worthless or like someone that is trying to scam the system. \n\nHoping for some help with this matter."
}

Chunk:
long time capital one customer. xxxx credit on my personal venture card. opened a new spark card with xxxx credit. before the spark card arrived cap one froze my accounts, both of them. capital one was now requiring some documents for id and income verification. no problem...... one item they required was your social security card copy. i don't have it with me as i am traveling abroad. it is in a storage center in xxxx xxxx. i requested a replacement card from social security the day the notice arrived but that takes xxxx weeks ( on a good day ). so i searched the social security site and they say you do not need an actual card to prove your number. there are a variety of acceptable documents including a xxxx or xxxx from a bank. so i sent along with the other documents a copy of one of my xxxx statement from 2023 that showed my complete ss #. they will not accept anything except the blue and red card. xxxx or xxxx conversations with everyone from customer service that could not even see my account since it was fraud frozen to the fraud depart and xxxx different managers on xxxx different calls. they all said the same thing. its the blue and red card or nothing. so the spark card can not be used, but my personal venture card works just fine, except i can not log into my account via the web or app. i think that capital one is being unreasonable in their in flexibility to not accept proof by alternate accepted documents. for a customer that has been with cap one for a long time with a high credit limit and a perfect credit record, i feel like i am being treated as worthless or like someone that is trying to scam the system. hoping for some help with this matter.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9635931253433228
}
