Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9188156,
  "complaint_id": "9188156",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I visited the XXXX facility on Sunday, XX/XX/year>. My mother had found an XXXX ad of theirs for relatively cheap XXXX. Immediately during my consultation with a man named XXXX, he insisted that I do not need XXXX - rather a slew of lasers, injections, and fillers to be done over some time. As his face lit up, he exclaimed that he could do a before and after mother/daughter duo for {$120.00}. \nXXXX asked for my driver 's license and social security number, for what I assumed would be to input my information into their system for when we would come back for these future services. My daughter even gave him an old driving license with a previous last name before marriage and the wrong address. Upon further thought, as we were driving home, we both decided that perhaps this was not a good idea, and we should cancel. As soon as XXXX opened on Monday morning, I called the office to let them know that we would not be proceeding. At this point, the woman at the front desk stated that it was too late, but perhaps XXXX could refund half of the money. This is when I realized they had signed me up for a Care Credit card using an expired license with my incorrect last name and incorrect home address. Anything I signed that day was using pre-marriage last name. My daughter has also recently found out that they opened a SECOND credit card in her name with another bank, which she also has to claim identity theft for. It is very clear that this establishment is a scam, and that they use their clients personal information to collect money for no service. Per the Florida Attorney General, In Florida, if you contract for services to be rendered in the future continuingly, you are entitled to a three-day cooling-off period. \nAt this point, I have no intention of ever going back to this establishment and am unsure How can they even claim to make me pay for something that I will never get? \nBy the way, the guy who supposedly sold us, told me the next day that the owner told him '' Don't worry, this bank always stands with us and never refunds the money to the consumer.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33076",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I visited the XXXX facility on Sunday, XX/XX/year>. My mother had found an XXXX ad of theirs for relatively cheap XXXX. Immediately during my consultation with a man named XXXX, he insisted that I do not need XXXX - rather a slew of lasers, injections, and fillers to be done over some time. As his face lit up, he exclaimed that he could do a before and after mother/daughter duo for {$120.00}. \nXXXX asked for my driver 's license and social security number, for what I assumed would be to input my information into their system for when we would come back for these future services. My daughter even gave him an old driving license with a previous last name before marriage and the wrong address. Upon further thought, as we were driving home, we both decided that perhaps this was not a good idea, and we should cancel. As soon as XXXX opened on Monday morning, I called the office to let them know that we would not be proceeding. At this point, the woman at the front desk stated that it was too late, but perhaps XXXX could refund half of the money. This is when I realized they had signed me up for a Care Credit card using an expired license with my incorrect last name and incorrect home address. Anything I signed that day was using pre-marriage last name. My daughter has also recently found out that they opened a SECOND credit card in her name with another bank, which she also has to claim identity theft for. It is very clear that this establishment is a scam, and that they use their clients personal information to collect money for no service. Per the Florida Attorney General, In Florida, if you contract for services to be rendered in the future continuingly, you are entitled to a three-day cooling-off period. \nAt this point, I have no intention of ever going back to this establishment and am unsure How can they even claim to make me pay for something that I will never get? \nBy the way, the guy who supposedly sold us, told me the next day that the owner told him '' Don't worry, this bank always stands with us and never refunds the money to the consumer."
}

Chunk:
i visited the xxxx facility on sunday, xx / xx / year >. my mother had found an xxxx ad of theirs for relatively cheap xxxx. immediately during my consultation with a man named xxxx, he insisted that i do not need xxxx - rather a slew of lasers, injections, and fillers to be done over some time. as his face lit up, he exclaimed that he could do a before and after mother / daughter duo for { $ 120. 00 }. xxxx asked for my driver's license and social security number, for what i assumed would be to input my information into their system for when we would come back for these future services. my daughter even gave him an old driving license with a previous last name before marriage and the wrong address. upon further thought, as we were driving home, we both decided that perhaps this was not a good idea, and we should cancel. as soon as xxxx opened on monday morning, i called the office to let them know that we would not be proceeding. at this point, the woman at the front desk stated that it was too late, but perhaps xxxx could refund half of the money. this is when i realized they had signed me up for a care credit card using an expired license with my incorrect last name and incorrect home address. anything i signed that day was using pre - marriage last name. my daughter has also recently found out that they opened a second credit card in her name with another bank, which she also has to claim identity theft for. it is very clear that this establishment is a scam, and that they use their clients personal information to collect money for no service. per the florida attorney general, in florida, if you contract for services to be rendered in the future continuingly, you are entitled to a three - day cooling - off period. at this point, i have no intention of ever going back to this establishment and am unsure how can they even claim to make me pay for something that i will never get? by the way, the guy who supposedly sold us, told me the next day that the owner told him'' don't worry, this bank always stands with us and never refunds the money to the consumer.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999439537525177
}
