Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9003986,
  "complaint_id": "9003986",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I contacted XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX, Fl ) regarding a problem I was having. They sent a gentleman by the name of XXXX XXXX who showed up with his cousin XXXX XXXX. After they left, i realized that the problem was never resolved and in addition I received XXXX separate bills one from XXXX XXXX in the amount of {$570.00} ( for changing thermostat and running fluid through the AC ) and the other from a company called XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX in the amount of {$2900.00} for charges to my credit card : I contacted Macy's/America Express about stopping charges which his boss, XXXX who came to my house from XXXX XXXX  to evaluate XXXXXXXX XXXX work and told me I was ripped off by XXXX and that it had nothing to do with his company I did not hire XXXX from XXXX  XXXX, I hired XXXX XXXX and will not be responsible for a secondary company coming to my residence when I did not hired him in the first place.. HIs boss XXXX whom I contacted from XXXX XXXX  told me that XXXX was just fired and that he did not perform any of the work listed on his bill. Subsequently I had to hire XXXX XXXX XXXX to do the work that XXXX, from XXXX XXXX never did. which cost me over {$7.00}, XXXX  for that to be redon. Between XXXX XXXX XXXX I contacted my credit card company : Macy's/American Express to refute the charges for {$2900.00}. They told me they would put a freeze on the charge while they investigate. Approximately 3 months later sometime in XXXX, I received a letter from the credit card company stating a credit to my account in the above amount. About one month after, I received another letter from the credit card company stating the following : \" Based on the results of our investigation we determined that you are responsible for the disputed charge. '' I am disputing this charge with the credit card company since I did not hire XXXX XXXX  XXXX. In essence, XXXX XXXX, was the respondant superior that is responsisble for me being ripped off from the secondary company XXXX XXXX, that I did not hire.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "329XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I contacted XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX, Fl ) regarding a problem I was having. They sent a gentleman by the name of XXXX XXXX who showed up with his cousin XXXX XXXX. After they left, i realized that the problem was never resolved and in addition I received XXXX separate bills one from XXXX XXXX in the amount of {$570.00} ( for changing thermostat and running fluid through the AC ) and the other from a company called XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX in the amount of {$2900.00} for charges to my credit card : I contacted Macy's/America Express about stopping charges which his boss, XXXX who came to my house from XXXX XXXX  to evaluate XXXXXXXX XXXX work and told me I was ripped off by XXXX and that it had nothing to do with his company I did not hire XXXX from XXXX  XXXX, I hired XXXX XXXX and will not be responsible for a secondary company coming to my residence when I did not hired him in the first place.. HIs boss XXXX whom I contacted from XXXX XXXX  told me that XXXX was just fired and that he did not perform any of the work listed on his bill. Subsequently I had to hire XXXX XXXX XXXX to do the work that XXXX, from XXXX XXXX never did. which cost me over {$7.00}, XXXX  for that to be redon. Between XXXX XXXX XXXX I contacted my credit card company : Macy's/American Express to refute the charges for {$2900.00}. They told me they would put a freeze on the charge while they investigate. Approximately 3 months later sometime in XXXX, I received a letter from the credit card company stating a credit to my account in the above amount. About one month after, I received another letter from the credit card company stating the following : \" Based on the results of our investigation we determined that you are responsible for the disputed charge. '' I am disputing this charge with the credit card company since I did not hire XXXX XXXX  XXXX. In essence, XXXX XXXX, was the respondant superior that is responsisble for me being ripped off from the secondary company XXXX XXXX, that I did not hire."
}

Chunk:
i contacted xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx ( xxxx, fl ) regarding a problem i was having. they sent a gentleman by the name of xxxx xxxx who showed up with his cousin xxxx xxxx. after they left, i realized that the problem was never resolved and in addition i received xxxx separate bills one from xxxx xxxx in the amount of { $ 570. 00 } ( for changing thermostat and running fluid through the ac ) and the other from a company called xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx in the amount of { $ 2900. 00 } for charges to my credit card : i contacted macy's / america express about stopping charges which his boss, xxxx who came to my house from xxxx xxxx to evaluate xxxxxxxx xxxx work and told me i was ripped off by xxxx and that it had nothing to do with his company i did not hire xxxx from xxxx xxxx, i hired xxxx xxxx and will not be responsible for a secondary company coming to my residence when i did not hired him in the first place.. his boss xxxx whom i contacted from xxxx xxxx told me that xxxx was just fired and that he did not perform any of the work listed on his bill. subsequently i had to hire xxxx xxxx xxxx to do the work that xxxx, from xxxx xxxx never did. which cost me over { $ 7. 00 }, xxxx for that to be redon. between xxxx xxxx xxxx i contacted my credit card company : macy's / american express to refute the charges for { $ 2900. 00 }. they told me they would put a freeze on the charge while they investigate. approximately 3 months later sometime in xxxx, i received a letter from the credit card company stating a credit to my account in the above amount. about one month after, i received another letter from the credit card company stating the following : " based on the results of our investigation we determined that you are responsible for the disputed charge.'' i am disputing this charge with the credit card company since i did not hire xxxx xxxx xxxx. in essence, xxxx xxxx, was the respondant superior that is responsisble for me being ripped off from the secondary company xxxx xxxx, that i did not hire.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992403984069824
}
