Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9416423,
  "complaint_id": "9416423",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I purchased a laptop on my Best Buy credit card account for which I never received a physical card ( which is fine with me. ) The store salesperson looked up the account number and put through the purchase. I received the statement a few weeks later which only listed the last XXXX digits of the account. I am unable to pay the account using my online banking app without the full account number. When I called customer support, they said they don't include the account number on the statement for security reasons since the bill sits in a mailbox. They offered to send a new card ... to the same mailbox where it will sit. I tried to point out the absurdity of their logic and the robots they have working there can not think for themselves. They are impeding my ability to pay my debt to them by not including my account number nor providing my account number after verifying my identity. Their alternate solution was for me to give them my bank account information over the phone to them. It's OK for *me* to share personal banking information with them but they won't tell me what my own account number is on the statement they send me? I ran into this with XXXXXXXX XXXX also XXXX years ago and in the middle of XXXX, I had to go into the store to pay off and close that account. Please issue a Technical Bulletin or some other communication to U.S. vendors that unless they are providing sufficient information on their statement for a customer to pay their bill, that they should have no expectation of payment. They did offer me to go into the store to give them my banking information or debit card in person which I am not comfortable with. Aside from the risk of having the information stolen, I have multiple auto-immune disorders, work from home and avoid the public as much as possible. Why can't I pay them securely through my online banking application as I do my utilities, my property taxes or all my other debtors? Your help is appreciated. Thank you.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "92262",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "I purchased a laptop on my Best Buy credit card account for which I never received a physical card ( which is fine with me. ) The store salesperson looked up the account number and put through the purchase. I received the statement a few weeks later which only listed the last XXXX digits of the account. I am unable to pay the account using my online banking app without the full account number. When I called customer support, they said they don't include the account number on the statement for security reasons since the bill sits in a mailbox. They offered to send a new card ... to the same mailbox where it will sit. I tried to point out the absurdity of their logic and the robots they have working there can not think for themselves. They are impeding my ability to pay my debt to them by not including my account number nor providing my account number after verifying my identity. Their alternate solution was for me to give them my bank account information over the phone to them. It's OK for *me* to share personal banking information with them but they won't tell me what my own account number is on the statement they send me? I ran into this with XXXXXXXX XXXX also XXXX years ago and in the middle of XXXX, I had to go into the store to pay off and close that account. Please issue a Technical Bulletin or some other communication to U.S. vendors that unless they are providing sufficient information on their statement for a customer to pay their bill, that they should have no expectation of payment. They did offer me to go into the store to give them my banking information or debit card in person which I am not comfortable with. Aside from the risk of having the information stolen, I have multiple auto-immune disorders, work from home and avoid the public as much as possible. Why can't I pay them securely through my online banking application as I do my utilities, my property taxes or all my other debtors? Your help is appreciated. Thank you."
}

Chunk:
i purchased a laptop on my best buy credit card account for which i never received a physical card ( which is fine with me. ) the store salesperson looked up the account number and put through the purchase. i received the statement a few weeks later which only listed the last xxxx digits of the account. i am unable to pay the account using my online banking app without the full account number. when i called customer support, they said they don't include the account number on the statement for security reasons since the bill sits in a mailbox. they offered to send a new card... to the same mailbox where it will sit. i tried to point out the absurdity of their logic and the robots they have working there can not think for themselves. they are impeding my ability to pay my debt to them by not including my account number nor providing my account number after verifying my identity. their alternate solution was for me to give them my bank account information over the phone to them. it's ok for * me * to share personal banking information with them but they won't tell me what my own account number is on the statement they send me? i ran into this with xxxxxxxx xxxx also xxxx years ago and in the middle of xxxx, i had to go into the store to pay off and close that account. please issue a technical bulletin or some other communication to u. s. vendors that unless they are providing sufficient information on their statement for a customer to pay their bill, that they should have no expectation of payment. they did offer me to go into the store to give them my banking information or debit card in person which i am not comfortable with. aside from the risk of having the information stolen, i have multiple auto - immune disorders, work from home and avoid the public as much as possible. why can't i pay them securely through my online banking application as i do my utilities, my property taxes or all my other debtors? your help is appreciated. thank you.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.998478353023529
}
