Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9351392,
  "complaint_id": "9351392",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am being discriminated against, only because I filed a complaint against Synchrony Lowe 's credit card. My XXXX  and I applied for a XXXX XXXX XXXX credit card and denied once for not lifting our credit freeze. We applied again and lifted the freeze on all three credit agencies. Before doing this, we checked our FICO scores, all excellent on all three. We did NOT receive any mailing or notification from Synchrony bank, so I called, the rep told me to go to the Sam 's Club store and apply there. The Sam 's Club rep called their credit rep at Sam 's Club corporate to help me. I was there on the phone with her for XXXX minutes and again, received a notice that I would receive an answer in XXXX to XXXX  days. Today, on the XXXX, I received an email notification telling me after they told me to do so, that I was denied because, 'Prior application submitted too recently ' To me that is not a reason with a perfect credit score, and they are discriminating against me because I complained about their Lowe 's card.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "337XX",
  "tags": "Older American, Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Application denied",
  "text": "I am being discriminated against, only because I filed a complaint against Synchrony Lowe 's credit card. My XXXX  and I applied for a XXXX XXXX XXXX credit card and denied once for not lifting our credit freeze. We applied again and lifted the freeze on all three credit agencies. Before doing this, we checked our FICO scores, all excellent on all three. We did NOT receive any mailing or notification from Synchrony bank, so I called, the rep told me to go to the Sam 's Club store and apply there. The Sam 's Club rep called their credit rep at Sam 's Club corporate to help me. I was there on the phone with her for XXXX minutes and again, received a notice that I would receive an answer in XXXX to XXXX  days. Today, on the XXXX, I received an email notification telling me after they told me to do so, that I was denied because, 'Prior application submitted too recently ' To me that is not a reason with a perfect credit score, and they are discriminating against me because I complained about their Lowe 's card."
}

Chunk:
i am being discriminated against, only because i filed a complaint against synchrony lowe's credit card. my xxxx and i applied for a xxxx xxxx xxxx credit card and denied once for not lifting our credit freeze. we applied again and lifted the freeze on all three credit agencies. before doing this, we checked our fico scores, all excellent on all three. we did not receive any mailing or notification from synchrony bank, so i called, the rep told me to go to the sam's club store and apply there. the sam's club rep called their credit rep at sam's club corporate to help me. i was there on the phone with her for xxxx minutes and again, received a notice that i would receive an answer in xxxx to xxxx days. today, on the xxxx, i received an email notification telling me after they told me to do so, that i was denied because,'prior application submitted too recently'to me that is not a reason with a perfect credit score, and they are discriminating against me because i complained about their lowe's card.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988250136375427
}
