Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9373073,
  "complaint_id": "9373073",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to formally lodge a complaint regarding the handling of my Citibank credit card account, which was closed in XX/XX/year>. The sequence of events that transpired has led to a significant negative impact on my credit score and overall financial well-being, and I believe this situation reflects a failure on Citibanks part to provide adequate service and communication. \n\nIn XX/XX/year>, I received a notification via mail from Citibank stating that my credit card account had been closed. Subsequently, my access to view the credit card information through online banking was removed, leaving me with only a message indicating that the credit card was closed. Despite this, Citibank failed to send me any statements or remaining balance reminders since XXXX, leaving me unaware of any outstanding amounts that needed to be settled. \n\nAs a result of this lack of communication, I was shocked to find that my XXXX credit score decreased by XXXX points XXXX months later. Upon reviewing my credit report, I discovered that Citibank had reported my credit card account as delinquent. This was done without any notice to me, the cardholder, for a period of XXXX months. The credit report also indicates that the account was closed in XX/XX/year>, further compounding the confusion and frustration. \n\nI am deeply concerned by Citibank 's handling of this situation. The lack of notification regarding the remaining balance and the subsequent reporting of the account as delinquent have caused considerable damage to my credit score. This incident has not only harmed my financial standing but also undermined my trust in Citibank 's ability to manage customer accounts responsibly. \n\nI request the following actions to rectify this situation : 1.Immediate correction of the erroneous delinquency report on my credit report.\n\n2.Written confirmation of the steps taken to amend my credit report.\n\n3.A detailed explanation as to why the account was reported as delinquent without proper notice. \n4.Assurance that all future communications regarding account closures and balances will be handled with due diligence to prevent similar issues. \n\nI trust that Citibank will take swift and appropriate action to resolve this matter. I expect a response to this complaint within 14 days from the date of this letter. Failure to address this issue satisfactorily may compel me to escalate the matter to the relevant financial regulatory authorities. \n\nThank you for your prompt attention to this serious matter.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Incorrect information on your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "92620",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Account status incorrect",
  "text": "I am writing to formally lodge a complaint regarding the handling of my Citibank credit card account, which was closed in XX/XX/year>. The sequence of events that transpired has led to a significant negative impact on my credit score and overall financial well-being, and I believe this situation reflects a failure on Citibanks part to provide adequate service and communication. \n\nIn XX/XX/year>, I received a notification via mail from Citibank stating that my credit card account had been closed. Subsequently, my access to view the credit card information through online banking was removed, leaving me with only a message indicating that the credit card was closed. Despite this, Citibank failed to send me any statements or remaining balance reminders since XXXX, leaving me unaware of any outstanding amounts that needed to be settled. \n\nAs a result of this lack of communication, I was shocked to find that my XXXX credit score decreased by XXXX points XXXX months later. Upon reviewing my credit report, I discovered that Citibank had reported my credit card account as delinquent. This was done without any notice to me, the cardholder, for a period of XXXX months. The credit report also indicates that the account was closed in XX/XX/year>, further compounding the confusion and frustration. \n\nI am deeply concerned by Citibank 's handling of this situation. The lack of notification regarding the remaining balance and the subsequent reporting of the account as delinquent have caused considerable damage to my credit score. This incident has not only harmed my financial standing but also undermined my trust in Citibank 's ability to manage customer accounts responsibly. \n\nI request the following actions to rectify this situation : 1.Immediate correction of the erroneous delinquency report on my credit report.\n\n2.Written confirmation of the steps taken to amend my credit report.\n\n3.A detailed explanation as to why the account was reported as delinquent without proper notice. \n4.Assurance that all future communications regarding account closures and balances will be handled with due diligence to prevent similar issues. \n\nI trust that Citibank will take swift and appropriate action to resolve this matter. I expect a response to this complaint within 14 days from the date of this letter. Failure to address this issue satisfactorily may compel me to escalate the matter to the relevant financial regulatory authorities. \n\nThank you for your prompt attention to this serious matter."
}

Chunk:
i am writing to formally lodge a complaint regarding the handling of my citibank credit card account, which was closed in xx / xx / year >. the sequence of events that transpired has led to a significant negative impact on my credit score and overall financial well - being, and i believe this situation reflects a failure on citibanks part to provide adequate service and communication. in xx / xx / year >, i received a notification via mail from citibank stating that my credit card account had been closed. subsequently, my access to view the credit card information through online banking was removed, leaving me with only a message indicating that the credit card was closed. despite this, citibank failed to send me any statements or remaining balance reminders since xxxx, leaving me unaware of any outstanding amounts that needed to be settled. as a result of this lack of communication, i was shocked to find that my xxxx credit score decreased by xxxx points xxxx months later. upon reviewing my credit report, i discovered that citibank had reported my credit card account as delinquent. this was done without any notice to me, the cardholder, for a period of xxxx months. the credit report also indicates that the account was closed in xx / xx / year >, further compounding the confusion and frustration. i am deeply concerned by citibank's handling of this situation. the lack of notification regarding the remaining balance and the subsequent reporting of the account as delinquent have caused considerable damage to my credit score. this incident has not only harmed my financial standing but also undermined my trust in citibank's ability to manage customer accounts responsibly. i request the following actions to rectify this situation : 1. immediate correction of the erroneous delinquency report on my credit report. 2. written confirmation of the steps taken to amend my credit report. 3. a detailed explanation as to why the account was reported as delinquent without proper notice. 4. assurance that all future communications regarding account closures and balances will be handled with due diligence to prevent similar issues. i trust that citibank will take swift and appropriate action to resolve this matter. i expect a response to this complaint within 14 days from the date of this letter. failure to address this issue satisfactorily may compel me to escalate the matter to the relevant financial regulatory authorities. thank you for your prompt attention to this serious matter.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994668364524841
}
