Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9141540,
  "complaint_id": "9141540",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Synchrony the issuer of multiple store branded credit cards that I currently carry including JCPenny, Verizon, Sams Club and Lowes has implemented a new statement fee of {$1.00} per month to receive a paper statement on the mail. I find this inappropriate and not right for the consumer. Many people depend on statements to make their credit card payment on time, and through the mail. Now when they use the card they will automatically be charged the statement fee if they wish to receive a monthly statement by mail, unless they enroll in electronic statements. This takes advantage of consumers who would like to use their credit card, but may not use the internet, or pay their bills electronically. Any such fee should be illegal, and consumers should have a right to receive a paper credit card statement by mail free of charge.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "44514",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "Synchrony the issuer of multiple store branded credit cards that I currently carry including JCPenny, Verizon, Sams Club and Lowes has implemented a new statement fee of {$1.00} per month to receive a paper statement on the mail. I find this inappropriate and not right for the consumer. Many people depend on statements to make their credit card payment on time, and through the mail. Now when they use the card they will automatically be charged the statement fee if they wish to receive a monthly statement by mail, unless they enroll in electronic statements. This takes advantage of consumers who would like to use their credit card, but may not use the internet, or pay their bills electronically. Any such fee should be illegal, and consumers should have a right to receive a paper credit card statement by mail free of charge."
}

Chunk:
synchrony the issuer of multiple store branded credit cards that i currently carry including jcpenny, verizon, sams club and lowes has implemented a new statement fee of { $ 1. 00 } per month to receive a paper statement on the mail. i find this inappropriate and not right for the consumer. many people depend on statements to make their credit card payment on time, and through the mail. now when they use the card they will automatically be charged the statement fee if they wish to receive a monthly statement by mail, unless they enroll in electronic statements. this takes advantage of consumers who would like to use their credit card, but may not use the internet, or pay their bills electronically. any such fee should be illegal, and consumers should have a right to receive a paper credit card statement by mail free of charge.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996947050094604
}
