Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9642611,
  "complaint_id": "9642611",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I received a letter from Macy 's Department Store which included a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX The letter even states they KNEW MY ACCOUNT WAS CLOSED A LONG TIME AGO. They took it upon themselves to open a new credit card in my name, I NEVER ASKED FOR THIS CARD, NOR DO I WANT A CARD FROM THEM. I called to make sure any and all accounts in my name were closed. The representative by the name of \" XXXX '' said there were two accounts in my name. She said she could not get into my account unless I gave her the last four digits of my social security number. I said NO Way! Your company opened this card WITHOUT my consent. They need to make sure the card gets closed. I do not want to have to hire a lawyer, or have to bother congressional officials with this matter if I don't have to. This is ridiculous. I got a notice the other day my credit score was lowered and I'm guessing Macy 's was messing with my information. I need your help and making sure Macy 's has ANY AND ALL OF my accounts closed.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "43081",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't close your account",
  "text": "I received a letter from Macy 's Department Store which included a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX The letter even states they KNEW MY ACCOUNT WAS CLOSED A LONG TIME AGO. They took it upon themselves to open a new credit card in my name, I NEVER ASKED FOR THIS CARD, NOR DO I WANT A CARD FROM THEM. I called to make sure any and all accounts in my name were closed. The representative by the name of \" XXXX '' said there were two accounts in my name. She said she could not get into my account unless I gave her the last four digits of my social security number. I said NO Way! Your company opened this card WITHOUT my consent. They need to make sure the card gets closed. I do not want to have to hire a lawyer, or have to bother congressional officials with this matter if I don't have to. This is ridiculous. I got a notice the other day my credit score was lowered and I'm guessing Macy 's was messing with my information. I need your help and making sure Macy 's has ANY AND ALL OF my accounts closed."
}

Chunk:
i received a letter from macy's department store which included a xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx the letter even states they knew my account was closed a long time ago. they took it upon themselves to open a new credit card in my name, i never asked for this card, nor do i want a card from them. i called to make sure any and all accounts in my name were closed. the representative by the name of " xxxx'' said there were two accounts in my name. she said she could not get into my account unless i gave her the last four digits of my social security number. i said no way! your company opened this card without my consent. they need to make sure the card gets closed. i do not want to have to hire a lawyer, or have to bother congressional officials with this matter if i don't have to. this is ridiculous. i got a notice the other day my credit score was lowered and i'm guessing macy's was messing with my information. i need your help and making sure macy's has any and all of my accounts closed.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990115165710449
}
