Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9121943,
  "complaint_id": "9121943",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Contacted Citi Bank regarding a letter I received in the mail saying they needed to verify my account information for my newly opened credit card with them. Called number provided and went through automated system just fine verifying the correct account with my personal information and security questions. Once I was transferred to a customer service agent, she asked for my name and phone number. I told her why I was calling and then she asked if I have another phone number to provide so they can verify me. I said no, just the one I am using and is listed on my account. She stated they need a different number not listed on the account ( which makes zero sense ). She then said they could contact my work for them to verify me, I told her I do not feel comfortable with them contacting my employer as it's none of their business who I having banking services with. She then asked if I have credit cards somewhere else, I said yes. She asked for the full card numbers. I told her I will give her the credit card company name and last 4 digits, but that I do not feel comfortable giving her my credit card information for cards not associated with Citi. She then asked for my checking and savings account numbers, again I said no. I asked if she could verify me any other way? I already have the card and the only transaction initiate was a balance transfer nearly a month ago which still hasn't went through. She said she would send me a letter in the mail and that I'll be asked to provide a reference. I asked what kind of reference, she said anyone. So I need to just list a person I know and their phone number and you will call them to verify my identity, she said yes. I asked if I could cancel the balance transfer, she said not without verifying my identity. I told her I a more than happy to provide documentation such as social security card, driver 's license etc so they can verify me and she no, the only way now is with the letter and reference. I have never in my life heard of such insane \" fraud protection '' procedures. What sense does it make for me to provide a phone number not associated with my account to be verified and shouldn't they have verified me before approving a credit card? In the meantime I have zero access for using the credit card or processing a balance transfer which was the sole purpose of me getting the card.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "37211",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "Contacted Citi Bank regarding a letter I received in the mail saying they needed to verify my account information for my newly opened credit card with them. Called number provided and went through automated system just fine verifying the correct account with my personal information and security questions. Once I was transferred to a customer service agent, she asked for my name and phone number. I told her why I was calling and then she asked if I have another phone number to provide so they can verify me. I said no, just the one I am using and is listed on my account. She stated they need a different number not listed on the account ( which makes zero sense ). She then said they could contact my work for them to verify me, I told her I do not feel comfortable with them contacting my employer as it's none of their business who I having banking services with. She then asked if I have credit cards somewhere else, I said yes. She asked for the full card numbers. I told her I will give her the credit card company name and last 4 digits, but that I do not feel comfortable giving her my credit card information for cards not associated with Citi. She then asked for my checking and savings account numbers, again I said no. I asked if she could verify me any other way? I already have the card and the only transaction initiate was a balance transfer nearly a month ago which still hasn't went through. She said she would send me a letter in the mail and that I'll be asked to provide a reference. I asked what kind of reference, she said anyone. So I need to just list a person I know and their phone number and you will call them to verify my identity, she said yes. I asked if I could cancel the balance transfer, she said not without verifying my identity. I told her I a more than happy to provide documentation such as social security card, driver 's license etc so they can verify me and she no, the only way now is with the letter and reference. I have never in my life heard of such insane \" fraud protection '' procedures. What sense does it make for me to provide a phone number not associated with my account to be verified and shouldn't they have verified me before approving a credit card? In the meantime I have zero access for using the credit card or processing a balance transfer which was the sole purpose of me getting the card."
}

Chunk:
contacted citi bank regarding a letter i received in the mail saying they needed to verify my account information for my newly opened credit card with them. called number provided and went through automated system just fine verifying the correct account with my personal information and security questions. once i was transferred to a customer service agent, she asked for my name and phone number. i told her why i was calling and then she asked if i have another phone number to provide so they can verify me. i said no, just the one i am using and is listed on my account. she stated they need a different number not listed on the account ( which makes zero sense ). she then said they could contact my work for them to verify me, i told her i do not feel comfortable with them contacting my employer as it's none of their business who i having banking services with. she then asked if i have credit cards somewhere else, i said yes. she asked for the full card numbers. i told her i will give her the credit card company name and last 4 digits, but that i do not feel comfortable giving her my credit card information for cards not associated with citi. she then asked for my checking and savings account numbers, again i said no. i asked if she could verify me any other way? i already have the card and the only transaction initiate was a balance transfer nearly a month ago which still hasn't went through. she said she would send me a letter in the mail and that i'll be asked to provide a reference. i asked what kind of reference, she said anyone. so i need to just list a person i know and their phone number and you will call them to verify my identity, she said yes. i asked if i could cancel the balance transfer, she said not without verifying my identity. i told her i a more than happy to provide documentation such as social security card, driver's license etc so they can verify me and she no, the only way now is with the letter and reference. i have never in my life heard of such insane " fraud protection'' procedures. what sense does it make for me to provide a phone number not associated with my account to be verified and shouldn't they have verified me before approving a credit card? in the meantime i have zero access for using the credit card or processing a balance transfer which was the sole purpose of me getting the card.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9987815022468567
}
