Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9077013,
  "complaint_id": "9077013",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Synchrony Bank XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Dear sir, I have received an email and two letters regarding my closed account of TJX Rewards Platinum Mastercard XXXX At first, I need to check one important thing. The ending account numbers referred in an email, two letters, and the past bill are different. There are two ending account numbers XXXX and XXXX, all of them indicate my name, XXXX XXXX, and the residing address, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX \n-- The bill which I have paid off recently has the account ending numbers XXXX, which has the billing address TJX Rewards/SYNCB, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX \n-- The letter prepared on XX/XX/year> has the account ending number XXXX, and office address is Synchrony Bank, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX. \n-- The letter prepared on XX/XX/year> had the account ending number XXXX, and office address is Synchrony Bank, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX. This letter explains why the Rewards of my credit cards are not usable as it was closed. Since this letter says the card ending XXXX is closed, even if this card ending XXXX was fraud credit, I am fine from the threat of illegal charging to me. Anyway, from the beginning, I want to ask why Synchrony Bank indicates there might be another credit card named on my name, XXXX XXXX, without any inquiry. I want to make sure there is not a credit card ending XXXX with my name, XXXX XXXX. \n-- An email which indicates the payment is processed has the ending number XXXX. And this email has origin of Synchrony Bank, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX. I just want to make sure the payment of my spending is processed correctly on my credit card issued by your company. Also, I want to make sure the credit card is closed permanently. \nThe letter prepared on XX/XX/year> asked the consumer to initiate your company for an investigation and flag my information into your system to prevent additional accounts from being opened in my name without additional verification. Since there are two account ending numbers which are XXXX that I am familiar with and another ending number XXXX with my name, but I never had this card, I request the further investigation whether your company allowed to open a card in my name without necessary identity verification. As I am already tackled with all credit report companies, I will not do anymore. And I also has the identity theft report from FTC, still, your company innocently asked me to act necessary actions for fraud, I just request further actions the aftercare of fraud activity and identity theft caused by your company. \nSincerely,",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "076XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "Synchrony Bank XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Dear sir, I have received an email and two letters regarding my closed account of TJX Rewards Platinum Mastercard XXXX At first, I need to check one important thing. The ending account numbers referred in an email, two letters, and the past bill are different. There are two ending account numbers XXXX and XXXX, all of them indicate my name, XXXX XXXX, and the residing address, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX \n-- The bill which I have paid off recently has the account ending numbers XXXX, which has the billing address TJX Rewards/SYNCB, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX \n-- The letter prepared on XX/XX/year> has the account ending number XXXX, and office address is Synchrony Bank, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX. \n-- The letter prepared on XX/XX/year> had the account ending number XXXX, and office address is Synchrony Bank, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX. This letter explains why the Rewards of my credit cards are not usable as it was closed. Since this letter says the card ending XXXX is closed, even if this card ending XXXX was fraud credit, I am fine from the threat of illegal charging to me. Anyway, from the beginning, I want to ask why Synchrony Bank indicates there might be another credit card named on my name, XXXX XXXX, without any inquiry. I want to make sure there is not a credit card ending XXXX with my name, XXXX XXXX. \n-- An email which indicates the payment is processed has the ending number XXXX. And this email has origin of Synchrony Bank, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX. I just want to make sure the payment of my spending is processed correctly on my credit card issued by your company. Also, I want to make sure the credit card is closed permanently. \nThe letter prepared on XX/XX/year> asked the consumer to initiate your company for an investigation and flag my information into your system to prevent additional accounts from being opened in my name without additional verification. Since there are two account ending numbers which are XXXX that I am familiar with and another ending number XXXX with my name, but I never had this card, I request the further investigation whether your company allowed to open a card in my name without necessary identity verification. As I am already tackled with all credit report companies, I will not do anymore. And I also has the identity theft report from FTC, still, your company innocently asked me to act necessary actions for fraud, I just request further actions the aftercare of fraud activity and identity theft caused by your company. \nSincerely,"
}

Chunk:
synchrony bank xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx dear sir, i have received an email and two letters regarding my closed account of tjx rewards platinum mastercard xxxx at first, i need to check one important thing. the ending account numbers referred in an email, two letters, and the past bill are different. there are two ending account numbers xxxx and xxxx, all of them indicate my name, xxxx xxxx, and the residing address, xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx - - the bill which i have paid off recently has the account ending numbers xxxx, which has the billing address tjx rewards / syncb, xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx - - the letter prepared on xx / xx / year > has the account ending number xxxx, and office address is synchrony bank, xxxx xxxx xxxx, xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx. - - the letter prepared on xx / xx / year > had the account ending number xxxx, and office address is synchrony bank, xxxx xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx xxxx. this letter explains why the rewards of my credit cards are not usable as it was closed. since this letter says the card ending xxxx is closed, even if this card ending xxxx was fraud credit, i am fine from the threat of illegal charging to me. anyway, from the beginning, i want to ask why synchrony bank indicates there might be another credit card named on my name, xxxx xxxx, without any inquiry. i want to make sure there is not a credit card ending xxxx with my name, xxxx xxxx. - - an email which indicates the payment is processed has the ending number xxxx. and this email has origin of synchrony bank, xxxx xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx xxxx. i just want to make sure the payment of my spending is processed correctly on my credit card issued by your company. also, i want to make sure the credit card is closed permanently. the letter prepared on xx / xx / year > asked the consumer to initiate your company for an investigation and flag my information into your system to prevent additional accounts from being opened in my name without additional verification. since there are two account ending

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.998121440410614
}
