Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9164620,
  "complaint_id": "9164620",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have decided to close relationship of XXXX years with Amex because of unscrupulous lending behavior. In XXXX years I have a XXXX credit limit! I have a platinum card with XXXX credit limit. My counterparts with the same credit score or less were afforded the rights to be offered XXXX these amounts. Only in XXXX does this happen! 2024 and giants like American Express are able to perform with such bold unscrupulous behavior in plain sight. Dont write me and talk about future credit! My score is a XXXX! Dont write and tell me I had a returned payment and apply in XXXX months! Just remove these XXXX accounts off my credit report! I dont have a relationship with American Express and I dont want to continue to be reminded of the disrespect and the violation of my fair credit rights! \nRemove wrong balance Remove wrong status Remove your history Stop reminding of your blatant disrespect and take this ugly and bias history off my consumer credit report! \nEnough is Enough!",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33027",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't increase or decrease your credit limit",
  "text": "I have decided to close relationship of XXXX years with Amex because of unscrupulous lending behavior. In XXXX years I have a XXXX credit limit! I have a platinum card with XXXX credit limit. My counterparts with the same credit score or less were afforded the rights to be offered XXXX these amounts. Only in XXXX does this happen! 2024 and giants like American Express are able to perform with such bold unscrupulous behavior in plain sight. Dont write me and talk about future credit! My score is a XXXX! Dont write and tell me I had a returned payment and apply in XXXX months! Just remove these XXXX accounts off my credit report! I dont have a relationship with American Express and I dont want to continue to be reminded of the disrespect and the violation of my fair credit rights! \nRemove wrong balance Remove wrong status Remove your history Stop reminding of your blatant disrespect and take this ugly and bias history off my consumer credit report! \nEnough is Enough!"
}

Chunk:
i have decided to close relationship of xxxx years with amex because of unscrupulous lending behavior. in xxxx years i have a xxxx credit limit! i have a platinum card with xxxx credit limit. my counterparts with the same credit score or less were afforded the rights to be offered xxxx these amounts. only in xxxx does this happen! 2024 and giants like american express are able to perform with such bold unscrupulous behavior in plain sight. dont write me and talk about future credit! my score is a xxxx! dont write and tell me i had a returned payment and apply in xxxx months! just remove these xxxx accounts off my credit report! i dont have a relationship with american express and i dont want to continue to be reminded of the disrespect and the violation of my fair credit rights! remove wrong balance remove wrong status remove your history stop reminding of your blatant disrespect and take this ugly and bias history off my consumer credit report! enough is enough!

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9979198575019836
}
