Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9219444,
  "complaint_id": "9219444",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "**my email to CapitalOne subpoena department ( theres no claims department ) Capital One Customer Support, I am writing to express my deep dissatisfaction and frustration with the recent closure of my three credit card accounts due to erroneous returns from XXXX XXXX This situation has been exacerbated by the fact that your representative had previously assured me that my automatic payments would be scheduled for the 30th of each month, coinciding with my direct deposit dates. This arrangement was supposed to ensure timely payments, yet it was not honored, leading to this unjust action. \n\nFurthermore, on XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, I was specifically denied any communication with a supervisor. As a credit consumer, I have the right to fair and transparent communication regarding my accounts. This refusal to engage with me is not only disrespectful but also potentially in violation of several consumer protection laws and principles, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) regulations, and Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices ( UDAAP ) provisions. \n\nBy refusing to communicate with me, Capital One is in direct violation of CFPB regulations, which mandate that financial institutions handle consumer complaints and inquiries in a fair and timely manner. Additionally, this refusal constitutes an unfair practice under the XXXX provisions of the XXXX XXXX, as it places undue financial strain on me and obstructs my right to address and resolve issues with my account. \n\nNow, I am expected to pay interest and finance charges on top of my existing balance without access to my accounts. This is an outrageous demand under the circumstances, and it places undue financial strain on me. \n\nTo resolve this issue fairly, I am demanding one of the following two options : 1. Reinstate my accounts after three months of large sum payments made on all cards.\n\n2. Agree to a settlement of 30 % -50 % of the total balance due. \n\nFailure to address this issue promptly and fairly within 24-48 hours will leave me no choice but to escalate this matter further. These discriminatory acts will result in legal action, which I am already preparing to undertake. I have no hesitation to utilize my professional resources, including filing complaints with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and seeking legal counsel. \n\nI expect a prompt and fair resolution to this matter and look forward to your immediate response. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "91042",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "**my email to CapitalOne subpoena department ( theres no claims department ) Capital One Customer Support, I am writing to express my deep dissatisfaction and frustration with the recent closure of my three credit card accounts due to erroneous returns from XXXX XXXX This situation has been exacerbated by the fact that your representative had previously assured me that my automatic payments would be scheduled for the 30th of each month, coinciding with my direct deposit dates. This arrangement was supposed to ensure timely payments, yet it was not honored, leading to this unjust action. \n\nFurthermore, on XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, I was specifically denied any communication with a supervisor. As a credit consumer, I have the right to fair and transparent communication regarding my accounts. This refusal to engage with me is not only disrespectful but also potentially in violation of several consumer protection laws and principles, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) regulations, and Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices ( UDAAP ) provisions. \n\nBy refusing to communicate with me, Capital One is in direct violation of CFPB regulations, which mandate that financial institutions handle consumer complaints and inquiries in a fair and timely manner. Additionally, this refusal constitutes an unfair practice under the XXXX provisions of the XXXX XXXX, as it places undue financial strain on me and obstructs my right to address and resolve issues with my account. \n\nNow, I am expected to pay interest and finance charges on top of my existing balance without access to my accounts. This is an outrageous demand under the circumstances, and it places undue financial strain on me. \n\nTo resolve this issue fairly, I am demanding one of the following two options : 1. Reinstate my accounts after three months of large sum payments made on all cards.\n\n2. Agree to a settlement of 30 % -50 % of the total balance due. \n\nFailure to address this issue promptly and fairly within 24-48 hours will leave me no choice but to escalate this matter further. These discriminatory acts will result in legal action, which I am already preparing to undertake. I have no hesitation to utilize my professional resources, including filing complaints with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and seeking legal counsel. \n\nI expect a prompt and fair resolution to this matter and look forward to your immediate response. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
* * my email to capitalone subpoena department ( theres no claims department ) capital one customer support, i am writing to express my deep dissatisfaction and frustration with the recent closure of my three credit card accounts due to erroneous returns from xxxx xxxx this situation has been exacerbated by the fact that your representative had previously assured me that my automatic payments would be scheduled for the 30th of each month, coinciding with my direct deposit dates. this arrangement was supposed to ensure timely payments, yet it was not honored, leading to this unjust action. furthermore, on xx / xx / xxxx at xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx, i was specifically denied any communication with a supervisor. as a credit consumer, i have the right to fair and transparent communication regarding my accounts. this refusal to engage with me is not only disrespectful but also potentially in violation of several consumer protection laws and principles, including the fair credit reporting act ( fcra ), consumer financial protection bureau ( cfpb ) regulations, and unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices ( udaap ) provisions. by refusing to communicate with me, capital one is in direct violation of cfpb regulations, which mandate that financial institutions handle consumer complaints and inquiries in a fair and timely manner. additionally, this refusal constitutes an unfair practice under the xxxx provisions of the xxxx xxxx, as it places undue financial strain on me and obstructs my right to address and resolve issues with my account. now, i am expected to pay interest and finance charges on top of my existing balance without access to my accounts. this is an outrageous demand under the circumstances, and it places undue financial strain on me. to resolve this issue fairly, i am demanding one of the following two options : 1. reinstate my accounts after three months of large sum payments made on all cards. 2. agree to a settlement of 30 % - 50 % of the total balance due. failure to address this issue promptly and fairly within 24 - 48 hours will leave me no choice but to escalate this matter further. these discriminatory acts will result in legal action, which i am already preparing to undertake. i have no hesitation to utilize my professional resources, including filing complaints with the consumer financial protection bureau and seeking legal counsel. i expect a prompt and fair resolution to this matter and look forward to your immediate response. sincerely, xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9981597065925598
}
