Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9253789,
  "complaint_id": "9253789",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I received a denied credit card application from chase cards in XXXX of 2024 that i did not apply for and was denied due to low credit score. i called them to let them know and also placed a fraud alert on my credit report. In XXXX of 2024 received another denied credit card application from chase cards again that i did not apply for and it wasnt denied due to the credit alert it was denied due to low credit score. when i reached out to chase again i asked how they could have processed this without reaching out to me to confirm my identity. they would not answer my question and told me the application wasnt fully processed even though i had recieved confirmation in the mail that it was indeed processed and i had a credit inquiry from them on my credit report. I feel strongly that this application should have never gone through with the active alert on my credit report and i think they should be held accountable for not doing their due diligence",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "85260",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AZ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Application denied",
  "text": "I received a denied credit card application from chase cards in XXXX of 2024 that i did not apply for and was denied due to low credit score. i called them to let them know and also placed a fraud alert on my credit report. In XXXX of 2024 received another denied credit card application from chase cards again that i did not apply for and it wasnt denied due to the credit alert it was denied due to low credit score. when i reached out to chase again i asked how they could have processed this without reaching out to me to confirm my identity. they would not answer my question and told me the application wasnt fully processed even though i had recieved confirmation in the mail that it was indeed processed and i had a credit inquiry from them on my credit report. I feel strongly that this application should have never gone through with the active alert on my credit report and i think they should be held accountable for not doing their due diligence"
}

Chunk:
i received a denied credit card application from chase cards in xxxx of 2024 that i did not apply for and was denied due to low credit score. i called them to let them know and also placed a fraud alert on my credit report. in xxxx of 2024 received another denied credit card application from chase cards again that i did not apply for and it wasnt denied due to the credit alert it was denied due to low credit score. when i reached out to chase again i asked how they could have processed this without reaching out to me to confirm my identity. they would not answer my question and told me the application wasnt fully processed even though i had recieved confirmation in the mail that it was indeed processed and i had a credit inquiry from them on my credit report. i feel strongly that this application should have never gone through with the active alert on my credit report and i think they should be held accountable for not doing their due diligence

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994248151779175
}
