Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9128277,
  "complaint_id": "9128277",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XXXX XXXX. XXXX Complete XXXX told us my vehicle needed a XXXX XXXX on the XXXX to fix the problem I was having with my vehicle. We paid for a complete diagnostic. They did not mention anything about XXXXXXXX XXXX at that time. We decided to allow them to complete the work on the XXXX XXXX because of what they stated their results of the diagnostic report. On XX/XX/year>, XXXX Complete XXXX contacted us to say my vehicle was ready for pick up. After I paid {$2300.00}, They gave me the key and I drove my vehicle off the lot. When I reached the Stop sign the vehicle started to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. I called my XXXX ( XXXX XXXX ) from the vehicle and explained what I was experiencing. I drove my vehicle home to my husband ( XXXX XXXX ). I was Completely and utterly Furious. We then took my vehicle back to XXXX Complete XXXX. I stayed outside and my husband ( XXXX ) went inside to speak to them. Two weeks later, they called to say the vehicle had been fixed correctly this time. They also stated that the work they have done carried a years warranty on parts. On the bottom of the invoice, I paid the XXXX XXXX states they have a Warranty on parts and labor for 12 months or 12,000 miles whichever comes first. \n\nOn XXXX XXXX I set out to drive to see my grandchildren. My vehicle ended up stopping at XXXX XXXX XXXX at XXXX. I had to contact insurance and it was a nightmare. I was on the side of the road for at least an hour before the tow truck came. I had to end up being taken to the XXXX XXXX XXXX for the night because there was no other place to take my vehicle. The next morning after going through 3 additional tow truck drivers, my vehicle ended up at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX in XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX After speaking with XXXX at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, He stated that there was NO WAY possible XXXX Complete XXXXXXXX did not know my vehicle did not need a brand-new XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX just put a bandage on an already XXXX XXXX  in hopes it would work.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "77583",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "On XXXX XXXX. XXXX Complete XXXX told us my vehicle needed a XXXX XXXX on the XXXX to fix the problem I was having with my vehicle. We paid for a complete diagnostic. They did not mention anything about XXXXXXXX XXXX at that time. We decided to allow them to complete the work on the XXXX XXXX because of what they stated their results of the diagnostic report. On XX/XX/year>, XXXX Complete XXXX contacted us to say my vehicle was ready for pick up. After I paid {$2300.00}, They gave me the key and I drove my vehicle off the lot. When I reached the Stop sign the vehicle started to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. I called my XXXX ( XXXX XXXX ) from the vehicle and explained what I was experiencing. I drove my vehicle home to my husband ( XXXX XXXX ). I was Completely and utterly Furious. We then took my vehicle back to XXXX Complete XXXX. I stayed outside and my husband ( XXXX ) went inside to speak to them. Two weeks later, they called to say the vehicle had been fixed correctly this time. They also stated that the work they have done carried a years warranty on parts. On the bottom of the invoice, I paid the XXXX XXXX states they have a Warranty on parts and labor for 12 months or 12,000 miles whichever comes first. \n\nOn XXXX XXXX I set out to drive to see my grandchildren. My vehicle ended up stopping at XXXX XXXX XXXX at XXXX. I had to contact insurance and it was a nightmare. I was on the side of the road for at least an hour before the tow truck came. I had to end up being taken to the XXXX XXXX XXXX for the night because there was no other place to take my vehicle. The next morning after going through 3 additional tow truck drivers, my vehicle ended up at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX in XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX After speaking with XXXX at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, He stated that there was NO WAY possible XXXX Complete XXXXXXXX did not know my vehicle did not need a brand-new XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX just put a bandage on an already XXXX XXXX  in hopes it would work."
}

Chunk:
on xxxx xxxx. xxxx complete xxxx told us my vehicle needed a xxxx xxxx on the xxxx to fix the problem i was having with my vehicle. we paid for a complete diagnostic. they did not mention anything about xxxxxxxx xxxx at that time. we decided to allow them to complete the work on the xxxx xxxx because of what they stated their results of the diagnostic report. on xx / xx / year >, xxxx complete xxxx contacted us to say my vehicle was ready for pick up. after i paid { $ 2300. 00 }, they gave me the key and i drove my vehicle off the lot. when i reached the stop sign the vehicle started to xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx. i called my xxxx ( xxxx xxxx ) from the vehicle and explained what i was experiencing. i drove my vehicle home to my husband ( xxxx xxxx ). i was completely and utterly furious. we then took my vehicle back to xxxx complete xxxx. i stayed outside and my husband ( xxxx ) went inside to speak to them. two weeks later, they called to say the vehicle had been fixed correctly this time. they also stated that the work they have done carried a years warranty on parts. on the bottom of the invoice, i paid the xxxx xxxx states they have a warranty on parts and labor for 12 months or 12, 000 miles whichever comes first. on xxxx xxxx i set out to drive to see my grandchildren. my vehicle ended up stopping at xxxx xxxx xxxx at xxxx. i had to contact insurance and it was a nightmare. i was on the side of the road for at least an hour before the tow truck came. i had to end up being taken to the xxxx xxxx xxxx for the night because there was no other place to take my vehicle. the next morning after going through 3 additional tow truck drivers, my vehicle ended up at xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx in xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx after speaking with xxxx at xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, he stated that there was no way possible xxxx complete xxxxxxxx did not know my vehicle did not need a brand - new xxxx. xxxx xxxx xxxx just put a bandage on an already xxxx xxxx in hopes it would work.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990366697311401
}
