Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9132596,
  "complaint_id": "9132596",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Per my credit report, TD Bank USA/Target credit card XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX. I have never applied for a Target credit card, I am an authorized user on my wifes account. \n\nIm not sure of the exact date I became aware of this new card on my credit report. I have had several issues with fraud in the past, and had thought my credit was frozen to protect me. I am guessing it was XXXX or XXXX of XXXX, months ago when I received a letter in the mail from Target saying I had a balance due. I called the number on the letter that day and asked questions- at first I thought it was related to my wifes account as authorized user. When I realized it was not, I told them it was fraud and they said they would investigate and get back to me. \n\nA few weeks later I received another letter saying my fraud claim had been denied because it was opened with my personal information, the card had been mailed to my address, it was activated by my verified phone number, and there was prior communication with their collections department. \n\nI called the XXXX number on the letter for Dispute Resolution and talked to an agent. I tried to ask them to confirm the information associated with the card- they said it was XXXX XXXX. They read off an email and phone which were not mine, but would not repeat or send that information to me. I only heard it the XXXX time verbally. \n\nI then reported the fraud to XXXX, however it was verified as accurate. \n\nLast week, I received a letter from a collection agency for this debt. I wrote them a letter that this is not my debt, this is fraud, and I will not be paying the balance as I did not open this card, I have never applied for a target credit card, and I did not benefit from the purchases attributed to me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "60101",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "TD BANK US HOLDING COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "Per my credit report, TD Bank USA/Target credit card XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX. I have never applied for a Target credit card, I am an authorized user on my wifes account. \n\nIm not sure of the exact date I became aware of this new card on my credit report. I have had several issues with fraud in the past, and had thought my credit was frozen to protect me. I am guessing it was XXXX or XXXX of XXXX, months ago when I received a letter in the mail from Target saying I had a balance due. I called the number on the letter that day and asked questions- at first I thought it was related to my wifes account as authorized user. When I realized it was not, I told them it was fraud and they said they would investigate and get back to me. \n\nA few weeks later I received another letter saying my fraud claim had been denied because it was opened with my personal information, the card had been mailed to my address, it was activated by my verified phone number, and there was prior communication with their collections department. \n\nI called the XXXX number on the letter for Dispute Resolution and talked to an agent. I tried to ask them to confirm the information associated with the card- they said it was XXXX XXXX. They read off an email and phone which were not mine, but would not repeat or send that information to me. I only heard it the XXXX time verbally. \n\nI then reported the fraud to XXXX, however it was verified as accurate. \n\nLast week, I received a letter from a collection agency for this debt. I wrote them a letter that this is not my debt, this is fraud, and I will not be paying the balance as I did not open this card, I have never applied for a target credit card, and I did not benefit from the purchases attributed to me."
}

Chunk:
per my credit report, td bank usa / target credit card xxxx xxxx on xx / xx / xxxx. i have never applied for a target credit card, i am an authorized user on my wifes account. im not sure of the exact date i became aware of this new card on my credit report. i have had several issues with fraud in the past, and had thought my credit was frozen to protect me. i am guessing it was xxxx or xxxx of xxxx, months ago when i received a letter in the mail from target saying i had a balance due. i called the number on the letter that day and asked questions - at first i thought it was related to my wifes account as authorized user. when i realized it was not, i told them it was fraud and they said they would investigate and get back to me. a few weeks later i received another letter saying my fraud claim had been denied because it was opened with my personal information, the card had been mailed to my address, it was activated by my verified phone number, and there was prior communication with their collections department. i called the xxxx number on the letter for dispute resolution and talked to an agent. i tried to ask them to confirm the information associated with the card - they said it was xxxx xxxx. they read off an email and phone which were not mine, but would not repeat or send that information to me. i only heard it the xxxx time verbally. i then reported the fraud to xxxx, however it was verified as accurate. last week, i received a letter from a collection agency for this debt. i wrote them a letter that this is not my debt, this is fraud, and i will not be paying the balance as i did not open this card, i have never applied for a target credit card, and i did not benefit from the purchases attributed to me.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988884329795837
}
