Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9539974,
  "complaint_id": "9539974",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I've had this credit card for no less than 5yrs. ( XXXX or XXXX when granted use of the card ) For the entire time I had this card I missed ( not one ) monthly payment. \nWhen inflation started, I started taking stock of my spending and noticed that the principal of this card wasn't going down. I looked at my billing statement and realized that the I was being charged two different rates ( XXXX & XXXX ) in order to calculate my monthly payment. \nThe structure of the bill was too ambiguous to interpret so I call to get clarity and I could not get a straight answer after speaking with two representatives. \nSo, I am at a loss. Also, I kept getting a credit increase periodically and I never requested any increase, yet the increases kept coming. On the billing statement there is no posting of the original credit card rate. \nThere is no clear policy on how much interest it charged? So, I would like to know what the actual rate was to be. I could not figure it out.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "132XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Charged too much interest",
  "text": "I've had this credit card for no less than 5yrs. ( XXXX or XXXX when granted use of the card ) For the entire time I had this card I missed ( not one ) monthly payment. \nWhen inflation started, I started taking stock of my spending and noticed that the principal of this card wasn't going down. I looked at my billing statement and realized that the I was being charged two different rates ( XXXX & XXXX ) in order to calculate my monthly payment. \nThe structure of the bill was too ambiguous to interpret so I call to get clarity and I could not get a straight answer after speaking with two representatives. \nSo, I am at a loss. Also, I kept getting a credit increase periodically and I never requested any increase, yet the increases kept coming. On the billing statement there is no posting of the original credit card rate. \nThere is no clear policy on how much interest it charged? So, I would like to know what the actual rate was to be. I could not figure it out."
}

Chunk:
i've had this credit card for no less than 5yrs. ( xxxx or xxxx when granted use of the card ) for the entire time i had this card i missed ( not one ) monthly payment. when inflation started, i started taking stock of my spending and noticed that the principal of this card wasn't going down. i looked at my billing statement and realized that the i was being charged two different rates ( xxxx & xxxx ) in order to calculate my monthly payment. the structure of the bill was too ambiguous to interpret so i call to get clarity and i could not get a straight answer after speaking with two representatives. so, i am at a loss. also, i kept getting a credit increase periodically and i never requested any increase, yet the increases kept coming. on the billing statement there is no posting of the original credit card rate. there is no clear policy on how much interest it charged? so, i would like to know what the actual rate was to be. i could not figure it out.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994475245475769
}
