Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9191663,
  "complaint_id": "9191663",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "You Violated the United States Code Law ( TILA 15 U.S. Code 1666 ( b ) billing error ) Recently I have checked my credit report and noticed multiple billing errors under 15 U.S. Code 1666 ( b ) billing error ( 4 ) The creditors failure to reflect properly on a statement a payment made by the obligor or a credit issued to the obligor.\n\n( 5 ) A computation error or similar error of an accounting nature of the creditor on a statement.\n\nAs I know the creditor didn't notify me 21 days before with a statement so there should be no late payments on this accounts. I have also noticed the late payments reporting inaccurately across the bureaus. I demand to see hard solid proof from the creditor bank account that I didn't pay and was marked late because this clearly a billing error. \n\nThe items below should all be updated to on-time payment if records are not proven I was late. I have attached the inaccuracies of the late payments reporting on my credit report.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Incorrect information on your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33025",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Account information incorrect",
  "text": "You Violated the United States Code Law ( TILA 15 U.S. Code 1666 ( b ) billing error ) Recently I have checked my credit report and noticed multiple billing errors under 15 U.S. Code 1666 ( b ) billing error ( 4 ) The creditors failure to reflect properly on a statement a payment made by the obligor or a credit issued to the obligor.\n\n( 5 ) A computation error or similar error of an accounting nature of the creditor on a statement.\n\nAs I know the creditor didn't notify me 21 days before with a statement so there should be no late payments on this accounts. I have also noticed the late payments reporting inaccurately across the bureaus. I demand to see hard solid proof from the creditor bank account that I didn't pay and was marked late because this clearly a billing error. \n\nThe items below should all be updated to on-time payment if records are not proven I was late. I have attached the inaccuracies of the late payments reporting on my credit report."
}

Chunk:
you violated the united states code law ( tila 15 u. s. code 1666 ( b ) billing error ) recently i have checked my credit report and noticed multiple billing errors under 15 u. s. code 1666 ( b ) billing error ( 4 ) the creditors failure to reflect properly on a statement a payment made by the obligor or a credit issued to the obligor. ( 5 ) a computation error or similar error of an accounting nature of the creditor on a statement. as i know the creditor didn't notify me 21 days before with a statement so there should be no late payments on this accounts. i have also noticed the late payments reporting inaccurately across the bureaus. i demand to see hard solid proof from the creditor bank account that i didn't pay and was marked late because this clearly a billing error. the items below should all be updated to on - time payment if records are not proven i was late. i have attached the inaccuracies of the late payments reporting on my credit report.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993589520454407
}
