Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9171214,
  "complaint_id": "9171214",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Yesterday I contacted concora credit by phone, due to a hard inquiry on my credit showing on XXXX when I had not applied for credit. They said they would pull the application, it would not show up. I put a fraud alert on transunion. Today I got this email : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX FL XXXX  : XXXX Dear XXXX XXXX : Thank you for applying for a XXXX XXXX issued by The Bank XXXX Missouri. In order to complete your application, we request the following information : Copy of a valid driver 's license verifying your name, date of birth, and physical address ; and a copy of a non-expired government-issued id verifying your social security number.\n\nAlternatively, if you do not have a valid drivers license, please provide a copy of ( 1 ) unexpired government issued identification or documentation that verifies your name and date of birth, and ( 2 ) documentation that verifies your name and physical address.\n\nAcceptable examples of identification or documentation that verify your name and date birth are : an unexpired state-issued identity card, an unexpired passport, or an unexpired permanent resident card. Acceptable examples of documentation that verify your name and physical address are : an unexpired state-issued identity card, a utility bill dated within the last 60 days, an unexpired insurance card, a lease or rental agreement, or a property tax receipt. \n\nPlease mail the above to : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, Or, you may fax it to us XXXX. \n\nIF WE DO NOT RECEIVE THE REQUESTED INFORMATION WITHIN THE NEXT 30 DAYS, NO FURTHER CONSIDERATION WILL BE GIVEN TO YOUR APPLICATION. \n\nPLEASE NOTE THE FOLLOWING : 1. Be sure to include your XXXX, full name and the last four digits of your Social Security number on your correspondence.\n\n2. Mail is the preferred method of receiving documents. If you send your information by fax with poor resolution or with a document that can not be read then your application may be declined. If you choose to fax the requested information, first make a copy of your documents on the lightest setting and then fax the copy. Use the fax machines confirmation to determine whether your documents were received by us.\n\n3. Allow for up to ten ( 10 ) business days for us to review your documents and complete the processing of your Application.\n\n4. After we have reviewed your documentation and/or processed your application, you will receive an email and/or letter notifying you of our decision. \n\nIf you have questions about this notice, please write to us at the mailing address listed above. \n\nXXXX XXXX XXXX services the XXXX XXXX XXXX on behalf of XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX \n\nNotice : The Federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act prohibits creditors from discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age ( provided the applicant has the capacity to enter into a binding contract ) ; because all or part of the applicant 's income derives from any public assistance program ; or because the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act. The Federal agency that administers compliance with this law concerning this creditor is Division of Depositor and Consumer Protection, National Center for Consumer and Depositor Assistance, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX  # XXXX, XXXX  XXXX, MO XXXX. \n\nXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX by XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXri and serviced by XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX \n\nThis email is from XXXX XXXX XXXX Dont miss out on important communications. Add XXXX to your Favorites or XXXX XXXX list. \n\nThe safety and confidentiality of your personal information are important to us. Please do not reply to this email, it is an unmonitored email box. \n\n2024 XXXX XXXX XXXX  . \n\nThis company did not have my email until I gave it to them over the phone. They are obviously a fraud operator. I would like them shut down.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Improper use of your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CLGF Holdco 1, LLC",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit inquiries on your report that you don't recognize",
  "text": "Yesterday I contacted concora credit by phone, due to a hard inquiry on my credit showing on XXXX when I had not applied for credit. They said they would pull the application, it would not show up. I put a fraud alert on transunion. Today I got this email : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX FL XXXX  : XXXX Dear XXXX XXXX : Thank you for applying for a XXXX XXXX issued by The Bank XXXX Missouri. In order to complete your application, we request the following information : Copy of a valid driver 's license verifying your name, date of birth, and physical address ; and a copy of a non-expired government-issued id verifying your social security number.\n\nAlternatively, if you do not have a valid drivers license, please provide a copy of ( 1 ) unexpired government issued identification or documentation that verifies your name and date of birth, and ( 2 ) documentation that verifies your name and physical address.\n\nAcceptable examples of identification or documentation that verify your name and date birth are : an unexpired state-issued identity card, an unexpired passport, or an unexpired permanent resident card. Acceptable examples of documentation that verify your name and physical address are : an unexpired state-issued identity card, a utility bill dated within the last 60 days, an unexpired insurance card, a lease or rental agreement, or a property tax receipt. \n\nPlease mail the above to : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, Or, you may fax it to us XXXX. \n\nIF WE DO NOT RECEIVE THE REQUESTED INFORMATION WITHIN THE NEXT 30 DAYS, NO FURTHER CONSIDERATION WILL BE GIVEN TO YOUR APPLICATION. \n\nPLEASE NOTE THE FOLLOWING : 1. Be sure to include your XXXX, full name and the last four digits of your Social Security number on your correspondence.\n\n2. Mail is the preferred method of receiving documents. If you send your information by fax with poor resolution or with a document that can not be read then your application may be declined. If you choose to fax the requested information, first make a copy of your documents on the lightest setting and then fax the copy. Use the fax machines confirmation to determine whether your documents were received by us.\n\n3. Allow for up to ten ( 10 ) business days for us to review your documents and complete the processing of your Application.\n\n4. After we have reviewed your documentation and/or processed your application, you will receive an email and/or letter notifying you of our decision. \n\nIf you have questions about this notice, please write to us at the mailing address listed above. \n\nXXXX XXXX XXXX services the XXXX XXXX XXXX on behalf of XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX \n\nNotice : The Federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act prohibits creditors from discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age ( provided the applicant has the capacity to enter into a binding contract ) ; because all or part of the applicant 's income derives from any public assistance program ; or because the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act. The Federal agency that administers compliance with this law concerning this creditor is Division of Depositor and Consumer Protection, National Center for Consumer and Depositor Assistance, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX  # XXXX, XXXX  XXXX, MO XXXX. \n\nXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX by XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXri and serviced by XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX \n\nThis email is from XXXX XXXX XXXX Dont miss out on important communications. Add XXXX to your Favorites or XXXX XXXX list. \n\nThe safety and confidentiality of your personal information are important to us. Please do not reply to this email, it is an unmonitored email box. \n\n2024 XXXX XXXX XXXX  . \n\nThis company did not have my email until I gave it to them over the phone. They are obviously a fraud operator. I would like them shut down."
}

Chunk:
4. after we have reviewed your documentation and / or processed your application, you will receive an email and / or letter notifying you of our decision. if you have questions about this notice, please write to us at the mailing address listed above. xxxx xxxx xxxx services the xxxx xxxx xxxx on behalf of xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx notice : the federal equal credit opportunity act prohibits creditors from discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age ( provided the applicant has the capacity to enter into a binding contract ) ; because all or part of the applicant's income derives from any public assistance program ; or because the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the consumer credit protection act. the federal agency that administers compliance with this law concerning this creditor is division of depositor and consumer protection, national center for consumer and depositor assistance, federal deposit insurance corporation, xxxx xxxx xxxx, xxxx # xxxx, xxxx xxxx, mo xxxx. xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx by xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxri and serviced by xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx this email is from xxxx xxxx xxxx dont miss out on important communications. add xxxx to your favorites or xxxx xxxx list. the safety and confidentiality of your personal information are important to us. please do not reply to this email, it is an unmonitored email box. 2024 xxxx xxxx xxxx. this company did not have my email until i gave it to them over the phone. they are obviously a fraud operator. i would like them shut down.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9980760812759399
}
