Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9570248,
  "complaint_id": "9570248",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I applied for a XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX card in store today XX/XX/year>. The rep helping me advised the card was approved with a {$3500.00} limit and I was attempting to use it for a new purchase. The transaction was declined three times. The rep called in and was only advised that I had to wait for the physical card, entirely defeating the purpose of applying. I completed the purchase with another card and proceeded to call the customer service line at XXXX. The first customer rep I spoke with reached out to another department and could only tell me a security block was placed. At that time I requested a supervisor. The supervisor whose name I believe was XXXX proceeded to give very vague and misleading answers. At first I was told there was multiple systems that the application had to scan through, then told XXXX XXXX systems. He kept stating that he had no information on why the block was placed, then proceeded to tell me it was flagged as fraud. After addressing the lie he told stating he didnt know anything then telling me it was fraud, the rep kept interrupting me and eventually chose to hang up after I said it was XXXX me the XXXXXXXX XXXX that he wouldnt let me finish speaking. \nAfter this interaction I called back in and requested another supervisor. I cant recall the name of the second supervisor but she was more helpful and transferred me to a different department, I believe it was their consumer protection department. This rep then gave very vague answers saying for security reasons I couldnt be verified. I asked for clarification on what couldnt be verified but I was denied any explanation. I was continually told I would be contacted. I then asked how I would be contacted and was told it could be either phone, email, or regular mail. When I asked for clarification on when I should expect a follow up I was told it could take up to a month. I then asked what would happen if I hadnt heard anything within a month and was told Id need to call back in. I asked what would happen at that point given Ive been told I cant be helped over the phone and wasnt given an answer. \n\nAt this point I requested to cancel the card due to the lack of information provided and the overall frustration of the experience. I was denied my request to cancel stating I had to wait for the verification before I could even cancel. \n\nAt this point with no guarantees of any sort of resolution from the company Im resulting to filing this complaint. I was provided with a receipt from the physical store that my application was instantly approved for a {$3500.00} limit, told it could be used for the purchase I was there to make that day, and subsequently denied any explanation from the merchant as to what the issue with my account is despite providing my physical ID in person during the application.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "254XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WV",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "I applied for a XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX card in store today XX/XX/year>. The rep helping me advised the card was approved with a {$3500.00} limit and I was attempting to use it for a new purchase. The transaction was declined three times. The rep called in and was only advised that I had to wait for the physical card, entirely defeating the purpose of applying. I completed the purchase with another card and proceeded to call the customer service line at XXXX. The first customer rep I spoke with reached out to another department and could only tell me a security block was placed. At that time I requested a supervisor. The supervisor whose name I believe was XXXX proceeded to give very vague and misleading answers. At first I was told there was multiple systems that the application had to scan through, then told XXXX XXXX systems. He kept stating that he had no information on why the block was placed, then proceeded to tell me it was flagged as fraud. After addressing the lie he told stating he didnt know anything then telling me it was fraud, the rep kept interrupting me and eventually chose to hang up after I said it was XXXX me the XXXXXXXX XXXX that he wouldnt let me finish speaking. \nAfter this interaction I called back in and requested another supervisor. I cant recall the name of the second supervisor but she was more helpful and transferred me to a different department, I believe it was their consumer protection department. This rep then gave very vague answers saying for security reasons I couldnt be verified. I asked for clarification on what couldnt be verified but I was denied any explanation. I was continually told I would be contacted. I then asked how I would be contacted and was told it could be either phone, email, or regular mail. When I asked for clarification on when I should expect a follow up I was told it could take up to a month. I then asked what would happen if I hadnt heard anything within a month and was told Id need to call back in. I asked what would happen at that point given Ive been told I cant be helped over the phone and wasnt given an answer. \n\nAt this point I requested to cancel the card due to the lack of information provided and the overall frustration of the experience. I was denied my request to cancel stating I had to wait for the verification before I could even cancel. \n\nAt this point with no guarantees of any sort of resolution from the company Im resulting to filing this complaint. I was provided with a receipt from the physical store that my application was instantly approved for a {$3500.00} limit, told it could be used for the purchase I was there to make that day, and subsequently denied any explanation from the merchant as to what the issue with my account is despite providing my physical ID in person during the application."
}

Chunk:
resulting to filing this complaint. i was provided with a receipt from the physical store that my application was instantly approved for a { $ 3500. 00 } limit, told it could be used for the purchase i was there to make that day, and subsequently denied any explanation from the merchant as to what the issue with my account is despite providing my physical id in person during the application.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994961023330688
}
