Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9109433,
  "complaint_id": "9109433",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX I received the letter that I attached that USAA removed from husband from our USAA credit card that we have had for over XXXX  years because they did not have a signed authorization form on file. The letter then states that this account will be deleted from the credit bureaus as well. We opened this card jointly in XXXX. USAA is an online bank so the only way to open anything is online. In XXXX  years I have never been asked to sign or form or have him sign a form for the joint card. I immediately called USAA and the first representative I spoke to could not figure out why that happened, she said even stated that I had never been sent a form. I had to call back multiple times and none of the representatives could figure it out. I explained that we are looking to purchase a home in the future and removing a credit card we have had for XXXX  years will affect his credit score tremendously and they agreed. The last representative stated she would escalate it and have someone call me back. A day or so later I received a call back from someone in their escalation department and she then tried to tell me because we were late he was removed. First of all we have never been late with our USAA credit card on our credit report we have perfect payment history and second that is not what the letter stated. I became frustrated because no one was willing to help me and the damage this is doing is not only unethical it does not make any sense and their own representatives couldnt even figure it out. I spent hours on the phone and made numerous phone calls to have nothing resolved. I asked where I would send in a letter for a complaint. I would have encourage someone to listen to the phone calls so they can hear what I was told. Im not sure how it can be legal to just remove someone from a credit card they have had for XXXX  years and state it is due to not having a form on file that was never sent in addition to us applying for the credit card together in XXXX. USAA is not the same company I have dealt with in the past, they used to care for their members and use to do the right thing. I was told I could add him back as an authorized signer and they would send him another card. It makes no sense and has really effected his credit.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "85085",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "UNITED SERVICES AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AZ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with personal statement of dispute",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX I received the letter that I attached that USAA removed from husband from our USAA credit card that we have had for over XXXX  years because they did not have a signed authorization form on file. The letter then states that this account will be deleted from the credit bureaus as well. We opened this card jointly in XXXX. USAA is an online bank so the only way to open anything is online. In XXXX  years I have never been asked to sign or form or have him sign a form for the joint card. I immediately called USAA and the first representative I spoke to could not figure out why that happened, she said even stated that I had never been sent a form. I had to call back multiple times and none of the representatives could figure it out. I explained that we are looking to purchase a home in the future and removing a credit card we have had for XXXX  years will affect his credit score tremendously and they agreed. The last representative stated she would escalate it and have someone call me back. A day or so later I received a call back from someone in their escalation department and she then tried to tell me because we were late he was removed. First of all we have never been late with our USAA credit card on our credit report we have perfect payment history and second that is not what the letter stated. I became frustrated because no one was willing to help me and the damage this is doing is not only unethical it does not make any sense and their own representatives couldnt even figure it out. I spent hours on the phone and made numerous phone calls to have nothing resolved. I asked where I would send in a letter for a complaint. I would have encourage someone to listen to the phone calls so they can hear what I was told. Im not sure how it can be legal to just remove someone from a credit card they have had for XXXX  years and state it is due to not having a form on file that was never sent in addition to us applying for the credit card together in XXXX. USAA is not the same company I have dealt with in the past, they used to care for their members and use to do the right thing. I was told I could add him back as an authorized signer and they would send him another card. It makes no sense and has really effected his credit."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx i received the letter that i attached that usaa removed from husband from our usaa credit card that we have had for over xxxx years because they did not have a signed authorization form on file. the letter then states that this account will be deleted from the credit bureaus as well. we opened this card jointly in xxxx. usaa is an online bank so the only way to open anything is online. in xxxx years i have never been asked to sign or form or have him sign a form for the joint card. i immediately called usaa and the first representative i spoke to could not figure out why that happened, she said even stated that i had never been sent a form. i had to call back multiple times and none of the representatives could figure it out. i explained that we are looking to purchase a home in the future and removing a credit card we have had for xxxx years will affect his credit score tremendously and they agreed. the last representative stated she would escalate it and have someone call me back. a day or so later i received a call back from someone in their escalation department and she then tried to tell me because we were late he was removed. first of all we have never been late with our usaa credit card on our credit report we have perfect payment history and second that is not what the letter stated. i became frustrated because no one was willing to help me and the damage this is doing is not only unethical it does not make any sense and their own representatives couldnt even figure it out. i spent hours on the phone and made numerous phone calls to have nothing resolved. i asked where i would send in a letter for a complaint. i would have encourage someone to listen to the phone calls so they can hear what i was told. im not sure how it can be legal to just remove someone from a credit card they have had for xxxx years and state it is due to not having a form on file that was never sent in addition to us applying for the credit card together in xxxx. usaa is not the same company i have dealt with in the past, they used to care for their members and use to do the right thing. i was told i could add him back as an authorized signer and they would send him another card. it makes no sense and has really effected his credit.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994519352912903
}
