Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9007457,
  "complaint_id": "9007457",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I purchased furniture from XXXX XXXX  1 year ago with a promotional rate if card was paid in 1 year My card went from XXXX to well over XXXX when the year was over I never received a notification or printed statement from synchrony bank. I called synchrony and was told that in XXXX I signed for paperless statements ( I explained that I signed up for synchrony last year In XXXX with XXXX  XXXX  and never signed that I want electronic statements. The special interest just expired in XXXX when I saw my XXXX XXXX notification of change in the amount I owe. \n\nI called synchrony 4 times and they wouldnt help me if I paid in full and refused to give me a complaint email all 4 calls. Its a terrible scram and sham that is happening. \n\nThey told me it was my responsibility to watch my card. I asked to open a complaint and they took information but were very rude to me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33487",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Confusing or misleading advertising about the credit card",
  "text": "I purchased furniture from XXXX XXXX  1 year ago with a promotional rate if card was paid in 1 year My card went from XXXX to well over XXXX when the year was over I never received a notification or printed statement from synchrony bank. I called synchrony and was told that in XXXX I signed for paperless statements ( I explained that I signed up for synchrony last year In XXXX with XXXX  XXXX  and never signed that I want electronic statements. The special interest just expired in XXXX when I saw my XXXX XXXX notification of change in the amount I owe. \n\nI called synchrony 4 times and they wouldnt help me if I paid in full and refused to give me a complaint email all 4 calls. Its a terrible scram and sham that is happening. \n\nThey told me it was my responsibility to watch my card. I asked to open a complaint and they took information but were very rude to me."
}

Chunk:
i purchased furniture from xxxx xxxx 1 year ago with a promotional rate if card was paid in 1 year my card went from xxxx to well over xxxx when the year was over i never received a notification or printed statement from synchrony bank. i called synchrony and was told that in xxxx i signed for paperless statements ( i explained that i signed up for synchrony last year in xxxx with xxxx xxxx and never signed that i want electronic statements. the special interest just expired in xxxx when i saw my xxxx xxxx notification of change in the amount i owe. i called synchrony 4 times and they wouldnt help me if i paid in full and refused to give me a complaint email all 4 calls. its a terrible scram and sham that is happening. they told me it was my responsibility to watch my card. i asked to open a complaint and they took information but were very rude to me.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992378950119019
}
