Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9198296,
  "complaint_id": "9198296",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX, I made a reservation via the Capital One Travel portal for the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( confirmation XXXX ) for check in on XX/XX/XXXX and check-out on XX/XX/XXXX. This reservation was for two Double Rooms ( non-smoking ) and booked using the Capital One Venture X. \n\nOn XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX XXXX  ( local time ), I checked into the hotel but was told by the front desk staff that the reservation was for two smoking rooms and that we would be assigned to two smoking rooms. I pushed back, noting that I had reserved a non-smoking Double Room and requested this. The hotel said they could give me one non-smoking room, but there was no availability for a Smoking room. The front desk staff also showed me my reservation on their system, noting that a Smoking room was reserved. They were unreceptive to my concerns that I had originally booked a non-smoking room on the Capital One Travel portal, and they declined requests for compensation and room changes. They also noted that I could choose to cancel the smoking room, but would still be responsible for the cost of the room as the reservation was non-refundable. \n\nI called Capital One XXXX at XXXX XXXX  to discuss the situation, first seeking verification that I had, in fact, reserved a non-smoking room. The agent and I agreed that this is what I reserved. The two options for reservations for Double Rooms include Double Room and Double Room, Smoking Allowed. ( see attached screenshots ). The agent noted that the original reservation was, in fact, for a non-smoking room, and we are confused as to why the hotel is not honoring this request. This is of particular importance to me as a member of my traveling party is allergic to smoke and living in a smoking room would pose a significant health hazard. \n\nI requested a refund and compensation from the agent but she said that Capital One can only provide a refund if the hotel agrees to it. Since the hotel staff refuses to even acknowledge the original non-smoking reservation, they will not provide the requested refund. This is disappointing, as I explicitly booked two non-smoking rooms and my request was not honored and I am not receiving any compensation to cancel my booking and stay at a new hotel.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "19104",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX, I made a reservation via the Capital One Travel portal for the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( confirmation XXXX ) for check in on XX/XX/XXXX and check-out on XX/XX/XXXX. This reservation was for two Double Rooms ( non-smoking ) and booked using the Capital One Venture X. \n\nOn XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX XXXX  ( local time ), I checked into the hotel but was told by the front desk staff that the reservation was for two smoking rooms and that we would be assigned to two smoking rooms. I pushed back, noting that I had reserved a non-smoking Double Room and requested this. The hotel said they could give me one non-smoking room, but there was no availability for a Smoking room. The front desk staff also showed me my reservation on their system, noting that a Smoking room was reserved. They were unreceptive to my concerns that I had originally booked a non-smoking room on the Capital One Travel portal, and they declined requests for compensation and room changes. They also noted that I could choose to cancel the smoking room, but would still be responsible for the cost of the room as the reservation was non-refundable. \n\nI called Capital One XXXX at XXXX XXXX  to discuss the situation, first seeking verification that I had, in fact, reserved a non-smoking room. The agent and I agreed that this is what I reserved. The two options for reservations for Double Rooms include Double Room and Double Room, Smoking Allowed. ( see attached screenshots ). The agent noted that the original reservation was, in fact, for a non-smoking room, and we are confused as to why the hotel is not honoring this request. This is of particular importance to me as a member of my traveling party is allergic to smoke and living in a smoking room would pose a significant health hazard. \n\nI requested a refund and compensation from the agent but she said that Capital One can only provide a refund if the hotel agrees to it. Since the hotel staff refuses to even acknowledge the original non-smoking reservation, they will not provide the requested refund. This is disappointing, as I explicitly booked two non-smoking rooms and my request was not honored and I am not receiving any compensation to cancel my booking and stay at a new hotel."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx, i made a reservation via the capital one travel portal for the xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx ( confirmation xxxx ) for check in on xx / xx / xxxx and check - out on xx / xx / xxxx. this reservation was for two double rooms ( non - smoking ) and booked using the capital one venture x. on xx / xx / xxxx at xxxx xxxx ( local time ), i checked into the hotel but was told by the front desk staff that the reservation was for two smoking rooms and that we would be assigned to two smoking rooms. i pushed back, noting that i had reserved a non - smoking double room and requested this. the hotel said they could give me one non - smoking room, but there was no availability for a smoking room. the front desk staff also showed me my reservation on their system, noting that a smoking room was reserved. they were unreceptive to my concerns that i had originally booked a non - smoking room on the capital one travel portal, and they declined requests for compensation and room changes. they also noted that i could choose to cancel the smoking room, but would still be responsible for the cost of the room as the reservation was non - refundable. i called capital one xxxx at xxxx xxxx to discuss the situation, first seeking verification that i had, in fact, reserved a non - smoking room. the agent and i agreed that this is what i reserved. the two options for reservations for double rooms include double room and double room, smoking allowed. ( see attached screenshots ). the agent noted that the original reservation was, in fact, for a non - smoking room, and we are confused as to why the hotel is not honoring this request. this is of particular importance to me as a member of my traveling party is allergic to smoke and living in a smoking room would pose a significant health hazard. i requested a refund and compensation from the agent but she said that capital one can only provide a refund if the hotel agrees to it. since the hotel staff refuses to even acknowledge the original non - smoking reservation, they will not provide the requested refund. this is disappointing, as i explicitly booked two non - smoking rooms and my request was not honored and i am not receiving any compensation to cancel my booking and stay at a new hotel.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988664388656616
}
