Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9211988,
  "complaint_id": "9211988",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Confirmation # XXXX XXXX XXXX from XXXX. Date of transaction XX/XX/year>. {$1100.00} from XXXX was charged to my discover card. I canceled my reservation with booking and had also contacted the hotel to confirm that I have cancelled. XXXX said my cancellation was free of charge and within their rules of regulations and I will be granted a refund. Called multiple times as emailed XXXX and told me to submit documentation. I sent an official discover credit card statement with the charges and their name on the chargeXXXX XXXXXXXX claims they dont see a charge and will further investigate. Called discover and they said booking submitted document falsely claiming that we didnt canceled correctly and should now be refunded. Called booking again and they said that I did everything correct and that I need to resubmit documents for proof and that they will refund. Also XXXX had one representative tell me that I was a liar and that they dont see any charges which was upsetting and false and proceeded to hang up on me since they had no idea what else to say to me. I feel like XXXX can see I did all the correct steps, but corruptly sending false information so they dont have to refund their customers back and try to blame the hotel or credit card companies, when it is them that are causing all of the disruptions and are mishandling customer payments. They will always pretend that they have no idea every time I call and request documentation in email form. Ive done this every time theyve asked and they still give me the runaround. Ive contacted the hotel property and they had said I did cancel and was not charged. The hotel did not receive any funds from XXXX So at this point booking has funds that dont belong to them. XXXX keeps telling me to call the hotel or credit card company to get my money back when they are the ones who made the mistake. Then keeps sending false information to my credit card company to block me from my refund. Every time Ive called XXXX the representative informs me that I did in fact do everything correctly to have a free of charge cancellation, yet restarts the process every time and ask for documentation when this has been done multiple times. Ill follow up to check on the status and they always say Im not sure what happened, but lets restart the process again. This is suspicious behavior for a big company. They continue to give the runaround and stating that its the hotel property that is at fault. The hotel that Ive contacted will continue to say that they have not received any funding from XXXX  This needs to be resolved, weve never dealt with this before or have a company send false information to our credit card company when filing a dispute",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "43015",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "DISCOVER BANK",
  "date_received": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "Confirmation # XXXX XXXX XXXX from XXXX. Date of transaction XX/XX/year>. {$1100.00} from XXXX was charged to my discover card. I canceled my reservation with booking and had also contacted the hotel to confirm that I have cancelled. XXXX said my cancellation was free of charge and within their rules of regulations and I will be granted a refund. Called multiple times as emailed XXXX and told me to submit documentation. I sent an official discover credit card statement with the charges and their name on the chargeXXXX XXXXXXXX claims they dont see a charge and will further investigate. Called discover and they said booking submitted document falsely claiming that we didnt canceled correctly and should now be refunded. Called booking again and they said that I did everything correct and that I need to resubmit documents for proof and that they will refund. Also XXXX had one representative tell me that I was a liar and that they dont see any charges which was upsetting and false and proceeded to hang up on me since they had no idea what else to say to me. I feel like XXXX can see I did all the correct steps, but corruptly sending false information so they dont have to refund their customers back and try to blame the hotel or credit card companies, when it is them that are causing all of the disruptions and are mishandling customer payments. They will always pretend that they have no idea every time I call and request documentation in email form. Ive done this every time theyve asked and they still give me the runaround. Ive contacted the hotel property and they had said I did cancel and was not charged. The hotel did not receive any funds from XXXX So at this point booking has funds that dont belong to them. XXXX keeps telling me to call the hotel or credit card company to get my money back when they are the ones who made the mistake. Then keeps sending false information to my credit card company to block me from my refund. Every time Ive called XXXX the representative informs me that I did in fact do everything correctly to have a free of charge cancellation, yet restarts the process every time and ask for documentation when this has been done multiple times. Ill follow up to check on the status and they always say Im not sure what happened, but lets restart the process again. This is suspicious behavior for a big company. They continue to give the runaround and stating that its the hotel property that is at fault. The hotel that Ive contacted will continue to say that they have not received any funding from XXXX  This needs to be resolved, weve never dealt with this before or have a company send false information to our credit card company when filing a dispute"
}

Chunk:
confirmation # xxxx xxxx xxxx from xxxx. date of transaction xx / xx / year >. { $ 1100. 00 } from xxxx was charged to my discover card. i canceled my reservation with booking and had also contacted the hotel to confirm that i have cancelled. xxxx said my cancellation was free of charge and within their rules of regulations and i will be granted a refund. called multiple times as emailed xxxx and told me to submit documentation. i sent an official discover credit card statement with the charges and their name on the chargexxxx xxxxxxxx claims they dont see a charge and will further investigate. called discover and they said booking submitted document falsely claiming that we didnt canceled correctly and should now be refunded. called booking again and they said that i did everything correct and that i need to resubmit documents for proof and that they will refund. also xxxx had one representative tell me that i was a liar and that they dont see any charges which was upsetting and false and proceeded to hang up on me since they had no idea what else to say to me. i feel like xxxx can see i did all the correct steps, but corruptly sending false information so they dont have to refund their customers back and try to blame the hotel or credit card companies, when it is them that are causing all of the disruptions and are mishandling customer payments. they will always pretend that they have no idea every time i call and request documentation in email form. ive done this every time theyve asked and they still give me the runaround. ive contacted the hotel property and they had said i did cancel and was not charged. the hotel did not receive any funds from xxxx so at this point booking has funds that dont belong to them. xxxx keeps telling me to call the hotel or credit card company to get my money back when they are the ones who made the mistake. then keeps sending false information to my credit card company to block me from my refund. every time ive called xxxx the representative informs me that i did in fact do everything correctly to have a free of charge cancellation, yet restarts the process every time and ask for documentation when this has been done multiple times. ill follow up to check on the status and they always say im not sure what happened, but lets restart the process again. this is suspicious behavior for a big company. they continue to give the runaround and stating that its the hotel

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9986183643341064
}
