Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9192714,
  "complaint_id": "9192714",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "In XXXX '23, I called XXXX XXXX XXXX from Barclay 's to report my card ( ending XXXX ) lost/stolen, and also asked to close the account. I was not aware of any outstanding charges. \nOn or about XXXX, I received a bill from the closed account for {$22.00} for charges which were made after I reported the card stolen. I called and was told to dispute the charges, which I did. Around XX/XX/XXXX I received a letter saying the charges were valid because the chip was used. I called XXXX XXXX Cust. service again and reiterated that the card was not in my possession at that time and I had reported it stolen. \nNevertheless, I continued to get bills with late fees and interest charges and called again on XX/XX/XXXX for over an hour with an agent and supervisor. After much review, I was told I was incorrectly told to file a dispute for the charges and should have filed that they were fraudulent. At the end of this phone call, I was assured that everything was taken care of, the charges were now listed as fraud, and there would be no further problems with the account ( which had now been closed for closed for 6 months ). I was also advised to write the credit bureau and explain due to my concerns about the impact this outstanding charge was having on my credit rating ( normally @ XXXX ), which I did. \nToday, I have had to call Barclay 's XXXX XXXX XXXX. Service again because I received yet another bill with the charges and late fees/interest. I was on the phone for another XXXX hours and no one seemed to know how to deal with it. \nThis has been the most frustrating waste of time and the worst problem I had ever had with a credit card company. The level of incompetence, the waste of my time, and the impact on my credit rating is unconscionable. \nPlease help. \nAlso, I want to make sure that this issue is investigated so others do not have to go through this horrible experience. Consumers deserve better.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "190XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "In XXXX '23, I called XXXX XXXX XXXX from Barclay 's to report my card ( ending XXXX ) lost/stolen, and also asked to close the account. I was not aware of any outstanding charges. \nOn or about XXXX, I received a bill from the closed account for {$22.00} for charges which were made after I reported the card stolen. I called and was told to dispute the charges, which I did. Around XX/XX/XXXX I received a letter saying the charges were valid because the chip was used. I called XXXX XXXX Cust. service again and reiterated that the card was not in my possession at that time and I had reported it stolen. \nNevertheless, I continued to get bills with late fees and interest charges and called again on XX/XX/XXXX for over an hour with an agent and supervisor. After much review, I was told I was incorrectly told to file a dispute for the charges and should have filed that they were fraudulent. At the end of this phone call, I was assured that everything was taken care of, the charges were now listed as fraud, and there would be no further problems with the account ( which had now been closed for closed for 6 months ). I was also advised to write the credit bureau and explain due to my concerns about the impact this outstanding charge was having on my credit rating ( normally @ XXXX ), which I did. \nToday, I have had to call Barclay 's XXXX XXXX XXXX. Service again because I received yet another bill with the charges and late fees/interest. I was on the phone for another XXXX hours and no one seemed to know how to deal with it. \nThis has been the most frustrating waste of time and the worst problem I had ever had with a credit card company. The level of incompetence, the waste of my time, and the impact on my credit rating is unconscionable. \nPlease help. \nAlso, I want to make sure that this issue is investigated so others do not have to go through this horrible experience. Consumers deserve better."
}

Chunk:
in xxxx'23, i called xxxx xxxx xxxx from barclay's to report my card ( ending xxxx ) lost / stolen, and also asked to close the account. i was not aware of any outstanding charges. on or about xxxx, i received a bill from the closed account for { $ 22. 00 } for charges which were made after i reported the card stolen. i called and was told to dispute the charges, which i did. around xx / xx / xxxx i received a letter saying the charges were valid because the chip was used. i called xxxx xxxx cust. service again and reiterated that the card was not in my possession at that time and i had reported it stolen. nevertheless, i continued to get bills with late fees and interest charges and called again on xx / xx / xxxx for over an hour with an agent and supervisor. after much review, i was told i was incorrectly told to file a dispute for the charges and should have filed that they were fraudulent. at the end of this phone call, i was assured that everything was taken care of, the charges were now listed as fraud, and there would be no further problems with the account ( which had now been closed for closed for 6 months ). i was also advised to write the credit bureau and explain due to my concerns about the impact this outstanding charge was having on my credit rating ( normally @ xxxx ), which i did. today, i have had to call barclay's xxxx xxxx xxxx. service again because i received yet another bill with the charges and late fees / interest. i was on the phone for another xxxx hours and no one seemed to know how to deal with it. this has been the most frustrating waste of time and the worst problem i had ever had with a credit card company. the level of incompetence, the waste of my time, and the impact on my credit rating is unconscionable. please help. also, i want to make sure that this issue is investigated so others do not have to go through this horrible experience. consumers deserve better.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994020462036133
}
