Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9527388,
  "complaint_id": "9527388",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have credit score of XXXX I never missed a payment in my 51 year of life. \nI opened 1. BarclaysUS Wyndham card ( no annual fee ) 2. BarclaysUS Wyndham Plus card ( {$75.00} annual fee ) To open it, surprisngly, first time in my life, the bank had me deliver by MAIL or FAX only ID SSN card Utility Bills Banks Statments. \n\nwhat I did. Only by MAIL or FAX no other modern way of delivery of those documents. \nXXXX XXXX XXXX for BarclaysUS complained that documents were not too legible on XXXX ( yet thye insist on tech from XXXX ( MAIL FAX ) ONLY ). So i faxed all those 20+ times since they REFUSED to accept anything but MAIL/FAX. This itself was setting customer fo failure. SSN cards watermarks are designed to be hard to copy. They finally open the accounts, AND then they BLOCKED them IMMEDIATELY and keep them BLOCKED for MONTHS now I am unable to VIEW any statements or was never ABLE TO USE any of the accounts for MONTHS YET they keep billing me their fees. Account blocked since day ONE. I never was able to access ANY of them, yet they BILL FEES. Customer Security even claimed I could not pay them off as account is blocked ( yet they are showing up on my credit reports as DEBT accruing if NOT PAID wrecking my credit report! )... \nI luckily paid {$75.00} dollar annual fee for the account they claimed I could only pay with CHECK if it manages to arrive on time. They are about to ruin my perfect scores rendering my life a hell.. I can not reach anyone there to get access to my accounts... I keep calling for 3-4 hours a DAY! I am waiting on somone to pikc up phone for HOURS and then I get 10 run arounda and noone is able to help. \n\nThis is like MAFIA... .I have never been able to use the accounts, see statements ( they keep billing fees to one card despite my being unable to use it ), I can not USE, ACCESS or even CLOSE THE ACCOUNTS... this is like mafia... They do not allow me to access, view or close an account ... yet they bill me and can easily impact my credit report by reporting to it. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER ABUSE BY BarclaysUS.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Credit monitoring or identity theft protection services",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "94550",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-07-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive services that were advertised",
  "text": "I have credit score of XXXX I never missed a payment in my 51 year of life. \nI opened 1. BarclaysUS Wyndham card ( no annual fee ) 2. BarclaysUS Wyndham Plus card ( {$75.00} annual fee ) To open it, surprisngly, first time in my life, the bank had me deliver by MAIL or FAX only ID SSN card Utility Bills Banks Statments. \n\nwhat I did. Only by MAIL or FAX no other modern way of delivery of those documents. \nXXXX XXXX XXXX for BarclaysUS complained that documents were not too legible on XXXX ( yet thye insist on tech from XXXX ( MAIL FAX ) ONLY ). So i faxed all those 20+ times since they REFUSED to accept anything but MAIL/FAX. This itself was setting customer fo failure. SSN cards watermarks are designed to be hard to copy. They finally open the accounts, AND then they BLOCKED them IMMEDIATELY and keep them BLOCKED for MONTHS now I am unable to VIEW any statements or was never ABLE TO USE any of the accounts for MONTHS YET they keep billing me their fees. Account blocked since day ONE. I never was able to access ANY of them, yet they BILL FEES. Customer Security even claimed I could not pay them off as account is blocked ( yet they are showing up on my credit reports as DEBT accruing if NOT PAID wrecking my credit report! )... \nI luckily paid {$75.00} dollar annual fee for the account they claimed I could only pay with CHECK if it manages to arrive on time. They are about to ruin my perfect scores rendering my life a hell.. I can not reach anyone there to get access to my accounts... I keep calling for 3-4 hours a DAY! I am waiting on somone to pikc up phone for HOURS and then I get 10 run arounda and noone is able to help. \n\nThis is like MAFIA... .I have never been able to use the accounts, see statements ( they keep billing fees to one card despite my being unable to use it ), I can not USE, ACCESS or even CLOSE THE ACCOUNTS... this is like mafia... They do not allow me to access, view or close an account ... yet they bill me and can easily impact my credit report by reporting to it. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER ABUSE BY BarclaysUS."
}

Chunk:
i have credit score of xxxx i never missed a payment in my 51 year of life. i opened 1. barclaysus wyndham card ( no annual fee ) 2. barclaysus wyndham plus card ( { $ 75. 00 } annual fee ) to open it, surprisngly, first time in my life, the bank had me deliver by mail or fax only id ssn card utility bills banks statments. what i did. only by mail or fax no other modern way of delivery of those documents. xxxx xxxx xxxx for barclaysus complained that documents were not too legible on xxxx ( yet thye insist on tech from xxxx ( mail fax ) only ). so i faxed all those 20 + times since they refused to accept anything but mail / fax. this itself was setting customer fo failure. ssn cards watermarks are designed to be hard to copy. they finally open the accounts, and then they blocked them immediately and keep them blocked for months now i am unable to view any statements or was never able to use any of the accounts for months yet they keep billing me their fees. account blocked since day one. i never was able to access any of them, yet they bill fees. customer security even claimed i could not pay them off as account is blocked ( yet they are showing up on my credit reports as debt accruing if not paid wrecking my credit report! )... i luckily paid { $ 75. 00 } dollar annual fee for the account they claimed i could only pay with check if it manages to arrive on time. they are about to ruin my perfect scores rendering my life a hell.. i can not reach anyone there to get access to my accounts... i keep calling for 3 - 4 hours a day! i am waiting on somone to pikc up phone for hours and then i get 10 run arounda and noone is able to help. this is like mafia.... i have never been able to use the accounts, see statements ( they keep billing fees to one card despite my being unable to use it ), i can not use, access or even close the accounts... this is like mafia... they do not allow me to access, view or close an account... yet they bill me and can easily impact my credit report by reporting to it. horrible customer abuse by barclaysus.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990423321723938
}
