Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9489973,
  "complaint_id": "9489973",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I bought a new expensive XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX from Wayfair on my card CITIBank NA credit card for {$3500.00} on XX/XX/year> under transaction. In addition to the purchase of the gazebo, I paid for its installation. To make was required to pay the installers more that I was originally charged. I naturally expected that the gazebo would work as designed and intended. Unfortunately, this didnt happen with my order. In fact, the gazebo could not be completely erected because all of the parts were not included in the kit. Specifically, the roof brackets were not included in the shipment, so there is no roof on the gazebo. I now have four poles in the ground that can not become a gazebo because Wayfair refuses to provide the missing parts. \nI made several attempts to clear up this matter with Wayfair. I was told that they would send me the part but they never have. I asked them if they could take the parts out of another kit but they refused to do that On XX/XX/year> Wayfair/CITI refunded me {$650.00} supposedly as an inconvenience settlement. This did not work because the roof brackets necessary for this gazebo are only made by the manufacturer and the manufacturer does not sell the parts individually. \nThis structure is becoming a hazard because the panels are tearing. In addition, it will cost me to take down the product. In short, I have a product that is not as advertised and can not be used for its intended purpose. This gazebo came with a warranty that has not been honored. \nUnder Georgia 's Uniform Commercial Code, if the seller advertises a product for a particular purpose, it must be usable for that purpose. Wayfair breached its express and implied warranty that came with my purchase of the gazebo and thus it is in breach of contract. \nAs of the filing of this claim, Wayfair has not provided me with the missing roof brackets so I can complete the gazebo, nor made any counter-offer that would make me whole. \nIn order to settle this matter, I make the following demands : ( XXXX ) Refund of the {$3500.00} purchase price, plus the cost paid to installers and the cost to have it taken down. I can only be made whole if I am put in the same position I would have been in had I not purchased the gazebo. \n( XXXX ) Wayfair CITI credit card must cease and desist all collection action on the purchase of gazebo purchase ( XXXX ) ) Wayfair CITI credit card must cease and desist from reporting to all credit reporting agencies including XXXX, XXXX and XXXX, any and all payment history that can logically be attributed to this purchase. If such reporting has already been made, they must be retracted and made to show Paid on time and Paid in full. \n\nMonths XXXX and XXXX are showing past due when the company reversed the charges because product was never completed by Wayfair. Have documentation the charges and late fees were reversed. called and spoke with CBNA and the representative noted the charges will be reversed and XXXX and XXXX will show current",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "30310",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I bought a new expensive XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX from Wayfair on my card CITIBank NA credit card for {$3500.00} on XX/XX/year> under transaction. In addition to the purchase of the gazebo, I paid for its installation. To make was required to pay the installers more that I was originally charged. I naturally expected that the gazebo would work as designed and intended. Unfortunately, this didnt happen with my order. In fact, the gazebo could not be completely erected because all of the parts were not included in the kit. Specifically, the roof brackets were not included in the shipment, so there is no roof on the gazebo. I now have four poles in the ground that can not become a gazebo because Wayfair refuses to provide the missing parts. \nI made several attempts to clear up this matter with Wayfair. I was told that they would send me the part but they never have. I asked them if they could take the parts out of another kit but they refused to do that On XX/XX/year> Wayfair/CITI refunded me {$650.00} supposedly as an inconvenience settlement. This did not work because the roof brackets necessary for this gazebo are only made by the manufacturer and the manufacturer does not sell the parts individually. \nThis structure is becoming a hazard because the panels are tearing. In addition, it will cost me to take down the product. In short, I have a product that is not as advertised and can not be used for its intended purpose. This gazebo came with a warranty that has not been honored. \nUnder Georgia 's Uniform Commercial Code, if the seller advertises a product for a particular purpose, it must be usable for that purpose. Wayfair breached its express and implied warranty that came with my purchase of the gazebo and thus it is in breach of contract. \nAs of the filing of this claim, Wayfair has not provided me with the missing roof brackets so I can complete the gazebo, nor made any counter-offer that would make me whole. \nIn order to settle this matter, I make the following demands : ( XXXX ) Refund of the {$3500.00} purchase price, plus the cost paid to installers and the cost to have it taken down. I can only be made whole if I am put in the same position I would have been in had I not purchased the gazebo. \n( XXXX ) Wayfair CITI credit card must cease and desist all collection action on the purchase of gazebo purchase ( XXXX ) ) Wayfair CITI credit card must cease and desist from reporting to all credit reporting agencies including XXXX, XXXX and XXXX, any and all payment history that can logically be attributed to this purchase. If such reporting has already been made, they must be retracted and made to show Paid on time and Paid in full. \n\nMonths XXXX and XXXX are showing past due when the company reversed the charges because product was never completed by Wayfair. Have documentation the charges and late fees were reversed. called and spoke with CBNA and the representative noted the charges will be reversed and XXXX and XXXX will show current"
}

Chunk:
same position i would have been in had i not purchased the gazebo. ( xxxx ) wayfair citi credit card must cease and desist all collection action on the purchase of gazebo purchase ( xxxx ) ) wayfair citi credit card must cease and desist from reporting to all credit reporting agencies including xxxx, xxxx and xxxx, any and all payment history that can logically be attributed to this purchase. if such reporting has already been made, they must be retracted and made to show paid on time and paid in full. months xxxx and xxxx are showing past due when the company reversed the charges because product was never completed by wayfair. have documentation the charges and late fees were reversed. called and spoke with cbna and the representative noted the charges will be reversed and xxxx and xxxx will show current

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.998866081237793
}
