Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9221897,
  "complaint_id": "9221897",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing because I noticed Wells Fargo reporting late payments on my credit report. \n\nUpon reviewing my credit report, I noticed that late payments have been reported. However, according to the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), particularly 15 U.S. Code 1666b, creditors are prohibited from reporting payments as late when they have been made on time. I firmly believe that the reported late payments on my account were, in fact, made on time and have adversely affected my credit score. \n\nThe impact of these incorrect late payment reports has been significant. My credit score has suffered, resulting in higher interest rates on loans and credit cards, and it has hindered my ability to secure favorable financial terms. This has caused undue financial stress and hardship.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Incorrect information on your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "08081",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Account information incorrect",
  "text": "I am writing because I noticed Wells Fargo reporting late payments on my credit report. \n\nUpon reviewing my credit report, I noticed that late payments have been reported. However, according to the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), particularly 15 U.S. Code 1666b, creditors are prohibited from reporting payments as late when they have been made on time. I firmly believe that the reported late payments on my account were, in fact, made on time and have adversely affected my credit score. \n\nThe impact of these incorrect late payment reports has been significant. My credit score has suffered, resulting in higher interest rates on loans and credit cards, and it has hindered my ability to secure favorable financial terms. This has caused undue financial stress and hardship."
}

Chunk:
i am writing because i noticed wells fargo reporting late payments on my credit report. upon reviewing my credit report, i noticed that late payments have been reported. however, according to the fair credit reporting act ( fcra ), particularly 15 u. s. code 1666b, creditors are prohibited from reporting payments as late when they have been made on time. i firmly believe that the reported late payments on my account were, in fact, made on time and have adversely affected my credit score. the impact of these incorrect late payment reports has been significant. my credit score has suffered, resulting in higher interest rates on loans and credit cards, and it has hindered my ability to secure favorable financial terms. this has caused undue financial stress and hardship.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992470741271973
}
