Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9021962,
  "complaint_id": "9021962",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am a XXXX XXXX  and signed up over the phone with a podcast company to record shows with them to promote my XXXX XXXX  ( {$500.00} ). It's called XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ). When I checked XXXX ( which I admit I screwed up by not doing it ahead of time ), I found that XXXX was not a reputable company to do business with, as they basically just took people 's money, maybe gave them a podcast or 2 ( but no one listens to the podcasts ) and then just ghost them without fulfilling the services promised. \n\nI didn't want to go through that hassle, so within minutes I called the company and asked to cancel my services and receive a refund but the lady gave me the run around. I filed a dispute with my credit card company ( Capital One ). I had never signed any documents nor received a cancellation policy from XXXX, and there was not one on their website. \n\nXXXX sent Capital One a document with a fake docusign, fake \" logos '' for my business that they had \" designed '' for me, and screenshots of fake podcast episodes they had recorded for me. \n\nI sent back proof to Capital One that these documents were forged. \n\nCapital One didn't seem to care. They just said they were missing the documentation needed for me to win my dispute. However, they were consistently unclear over the phone, and in their dispute response letters ( which were stock and generic ), what exactly that additional info was. By the time I finally spoke with someone ( a supervisor ) who told me what I needed ( proof of termination of services but no refund ), it was too late. The window for me to respond to the dispute was closed. I sent them what they needed but they refused to consider it. Keep in mind this was less than a week since the date I was supposed to respond by, and I had actually responded THREE times within that time frame trying to give them what they needed, but it wasn't enough all 3 times.\n\nI clearly showed Capital One that this company was scamming me, but they failed to protect me over a technicality. \n\nI know that many other small business have been, and continued to be scammed by XXXX. Please hold someone responsible.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "80526",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CO",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I am a XXXX XXXX  and signed up over the phone with a podcast company to record shows with them to promote my XXXX XXXX  ( {$500.00} ). It's called XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ). When I checked XXXX ( which I admit I screwed up by not doing it ahead of time ), I found that XXXX was not a reputable company to do business with, as they basically just took people 's money, maybe gave them a podcast or 2 ( but no one listens to the podcasts ) and then just ghost them without fulfilling the services promised. \n\nI didn't want to go through that hassle, so within minutes I called the company and asked to cancel my services and receive a refund but the lady gave me the run around. I filed a dispute with my credit card company ( Capital One ). I had never signed any documents nor received a cancellation policy from XXXX, and there was not one on their website. \n\nXXXX sent Capital One a document with a fake docusign, fake \" logos '' for my business that they had \" designed '' for me, and screenshots of fake podcast episodes they had recorded for me. \n\nI sent back proof to Capital One that these documents were forged. \n\nCapital One didn't seem to care. They just said they were missing the documentation needed for me to win my dispute. However, they were consistently unclear over the phone, and in their dispute response letters ( which were stock and generic ), what exactly that additional info was. By the time I finally spoke with someone ( a supervisor ) who told me what I needed ( proof of termination of services but no refund ), it was too late. The window for me to respond to the dispute was closed. I sent them what they needed but they refused to consider it. Keep in mind this was less than a week since the date I was supposed to respond by, and I had actually responded THREE times within that time frame trying to give them what they needed, but it wasn't enough all 3 times.\n\nI clearly showed Capital One that this company was scamming me, but they failed to protect me over a technicality. \n\nI know that many other small business have been, and continued to be scammed by XXXX. Please hold someone responsible."
}

Chunk:
i am a xxxx xxxx and signed up over the phone with a podcast company to record shows with them to promote my xxxx xxxx ( { $ 500. 00 } ). it's called xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx ( xxxx ). when i checked xxxx ( which i admit i screwed up by not doing it ahead of time ), i found that xxxx was not a reputable company to do business with, as they basically just took people's money, maybe gave them a podcast or 2 ( but no one listens to the podcasts ) and then just ghost them without fulfilling the services promised. i didn't want to go through that hassle, so within minutes i called the company and asked to cancel my services and receive a refund but the lady gave me the run around. i filed a dispute with my credit card company ( capital one ). i had never signed any documents nor received a cancellation policy from xxxx, and there was not one on their website. xxxx sent capital one a document with a fake docusign, fake " logos'' for my business that they had " designed'' for me, and screenshots of fake podcast episodes they had recorded for me. i sent back proof to capital one that these documents were forged. capital one didn't seem to care. they just said they were missing the documentation needed for me to win my dispute. however, they were consistently unclear over the phone, and in their dispute response letters ( which were stock and generic ), what exactly that additional info was. by the time i finally spoke with someone ( a supervisor ) who told me what i needed ( proof of termination of services but no refund ), it was too late. the window for me to respond to the dispute was closed. i sent them what they needed but they refused to consider it. keep in mind this was less than a week since the date i was supposed to respond by, and i had actually responded three times within that time frame trying to give them what they needed, but it wasn't enough all 3 times. i clearly showed capital one that this company was scamming me, but they failed to protect me over a technicality. i know that many other small business have been, and continued to be scammed by xxxx. please hold someone responsible.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996122717857361
}
