Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9255993,
  "complaint_id": "9255993",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/year>, my Care Credit Card suddenly charged me with a {$1700.00} \" deferred '' interest charge. I have never signed up for a deferred interest payment and was never made aware of this program at any time. I contacted the company through their online customer service chat option and spoke with XXXX asking him why was I charged such a massive interest rate and that I never signed up or was made aware of this deferred interest rate program. I told him I thought their business ethics were unethical and quite likely illegal. I requested that they reverse the interest charges to which he declined. I then asked him to show me some form of proof that I was given information or made aware of the deferred interest program for which he said, we do not have proof. I told him that until they can show me proof that I believe that they are trying to cheat me, a reliable customer of ten years who has never made any late payments and has consistently paid on time and always above the minimum payment. We went back and forth and I kept demanding proof that I knew about the deferred interest and to show me where I signed for it. And then he promptly shut me down and closed the conversation.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "88011",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NM",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Unexpected increase in interest rate",
  "text": "On XX/XX/year>, my Care Credit Card suddenly charged me with a {$1700.00} \" deferred '' interest charge. I have never signed up for a deferred interest payment and was never made aware of this program at any time. I contacted the company through their online customer service chat option and spoke with XXXX asking him why was I charged such a massive interest rate and that I never signed up or was made aware of this deferred interest rate program. I told him I thought their business ethics were unethical and quite likely illegal. I requested that they reverse the interest charges to which he declined. I then asked him to show me some form of proof that I was given information or made aware of the deferred interest program for which he said, we do not have proof. I told him that until they can show me proof that I believe that they are trying to cheat me, a reliable customer of ten years who has never made any late payments and has consistently paid on time and always above the minimum payment. We went back and forth and I kept demanding proof that I knew about the deferred interest and to show me where I signed for it. And then he promptly shut me down and closed the conversation."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / year >, my care credit card suddenly charged me with a { $ 1700. 00 } " deferred'' interest charge. i have never signed up for a deferred interest payment and was never made aware of this program at any time. i contacted the company through their online customer service chat option and spoke with xxxx asking him why was i charged such a massive interest rate and that i never signed up or was made aware of this deferred interest rate program. i told him i thought their business ethics were unethical and quite likely illegal. i requested that they reverse the interest charges to which he declined. i then asked him to show me some form of proof that i was given information or made aware of the deferred interest program for which he said, we do not have proof. i told him that until they can show me proof that i believe that they are trying to cheat me, a reliable customer of ten years who has never made any late payments and has consistently paid on time and always above the minimum payment. we went back and forth and i kept demanding proof that i knew about the deferred interest and to show me where i signed for it. and then he promptly shut me down and closed the conversation.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994469285011292
}
