Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9135767,
  "complaint_id": "9135767",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I transferred debt to this company based on the 18 months no interest promotion. I transferred {$18000.00}. Multiple times I set up autopay to pay {$1000.00} a month. The payment kept not going through and I would go back online and make sure it was set up correctly. The payment continued not to post. I called in and set up payment information with a telephone operator. The payment posted to my US Bank account but did not come out of my checking account. I then got a letter that the payment had been returned. I called US Bank and was told that since I had made multiple late payments that I was going to be charged late fees and interest. I had the supervisor check the information I had provided and found out the previous person had put my account information in wrong. The supervisor told me she would see if she could reverse the late fees and interest and would call me back. She did not call me back. I called in and I was told she left a message for me that the interest and fees would be credited back to my account. I then went back to autopay and yet again it did not work and my payment was late. In XXXX I just prescheduled payments as far out as the online system would allow. I do not receive paper statements so I went back to my account several days ago and noticed I have been charged interest. After discussing with supervisors for XXXX minutes they told me they would not reverse the interest fees they have charged to this point but would reinstate the 0 % interest. Then she told me autopay can now be set up on the phone. I really do believe these are fraudulent practices to promote a 0 % interest and then make it difficult to make payments in order to revoke the promotional interest rate.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "760XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "U.S. BANCORP",
  "date_received": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "I transferred debt to this company based on the 18 months no interest promotion. I transferred {$18000.00}. Multiple times I set up autopay to pay {$1000.00} a month. The payment kept not going through and I would go back online and make sure it was set up correctly. The payment continued not to post. I called in and set up payment information with a telephone operator. The payment posted to my US Bank account but did not come out of my checking account. I then got a letter that the payment had been returned. I called US Bank and was told that since I had made multiple late payments that I was going to be charged late fees and interest. I had the supervisor check the information I had provided and found out the previous person had put my account information in wrong. The supervisor told me she would see if she could reverse the late fees and interest and would call me back. She did not call me back. I called in and I was told she left a message for me that the interest and fees would be credited back to my account. I then went back to autopay and yet again it did not work and my payment was late. In XXXX I just prescheduled payments as far out as the online system would allow. I do not receive paper statements so I went back to my account several days ago and noticed I have been charged interest. After discussing with supervisors for XXXX minutes they told me they would not reverse the interest fees they have charged to this point but would reinstate the 0 % interest. Then she told me autopay can now be set up on the phone. I really do believe these are fraudulent practices to promote a 0 % interest and then make it difficult to make payments in order to revoke the promotional interest rate."
}

Chunk:
i transferred debt to this company based on the 18 months no interest promotion. i transferred { $ 18000. 00 }. multiple times i set up autopay to pay { $ 1000. 00 } a month. the payment kept not going through and i would go back online and make sure it was set up correctly. the payment continued not to post. i called in and set up payment information with a telephone operator. the payment posted to my us bank account but did not come out of my checking account. i then got a letter that the payment had been returned. i called us bank and was told that since i had made multiple late payments that i was going to be charged late fees and interest. i had the supervisor check the information i had provided and found out the previous person had put my account information in wrong. the supervisor told me she would see if she could reverse the late fees and interest and would call me back. she did not call me back. i called in and i was told she left a message for me that the interest and fees would be credited back to my account. i then went back to autopay and yet again it did not work and my payment was late. in xxxx i just prescheduled payments as far out as the online system would allow. i do not receive paper statements so i went back to my account several days ago and noticed i have been charged interest. after discussing with supervisors for xxxx minutes they told me they would not reverse the interest fees they have charged to this point but would reinstate the 0 % interest. then she told me autopay can now be set up on the phone. i really do believe these are fraudulent practices to promote a 0 % interest and then make it difficult to make payments in order to revoke the promotional interest rate.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995102882385254
}
