Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9128279,
  "complaint_id": "9128279",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Complaint Against American Express for Unauthorized Sharing of Personal Information I am writing to file a formal complaint against American Express for the unauthorized sharing of my personal information with credit reporting agencies. \n\nUpon reviewing my credit report, I noticed that American Express has been reporting information about my account without my explicit written consent. This practice violates the provisions of 15 U.S. Code 6802, which governs the disclosure of nonpublic personal information by financial institutions. \n\nSpecifically : - 15 U.S. Code 6802 ( a ) states that a financial institution may not disclose nonpublic personal information without providing a notice to the consumer. \n- 15 U.S. Code 6802 ( b ) ( 1 ) requires that a financial institution clearly and conspicuously disclose to the consumer that such information may be disclosed to a third party, give the consumer the opportunity to opt out, and explain how the consumer can exercise that option. \n- 15 U.S. Code 6802 ( e ) ( 2 ) allows disclosure of nonpublic personal information only with the consent or at the direction of the consumer. \n\nAs I do not recall receiving such notice or providing written consent, I contacted American Express and requested that they provide me with the following : 1. A copy of the written permission I provided to American Express authorizing the sharing of my personal information with credit reporting agencies. This could be in the form of : - A signed authorization form. \n- A section within a loan or credit agreement explicitly stating my consent. \n- Email correspondence where I clearly express consent. \n- A recorded phone call where I explicitly agree to the sharing of my information. \n- Digital records showing my electronic consent with a timestamp and IP address. \n2. The date on which I granted this permission.\n\n3. Any other relevant documentation or records that support their authority to report my account information to credit reporting agencies. \n\nI requested that American Express provide this information within 14 days. Failure to comply will leave me no choice but to pursue legal action for invasion of privacy through public disclosure of private facts due to their inability to prove that I provided consent for the sharing of my private financial information, as well as any other applicable legal remedies. \n\nAs of now, I have not received the requested documentation or confirmation that American Express has ceased sharing my information and has notified the credit reporting agencies to delete any reported information. \n\nI am seeking the CFPBs assistance to investigate this matter and ensure that American Express complies with the legal requirements under 15 U.S. Code 6802 and stops unauthorized sharing of my personal information. Additionally, I request that any incorrect information reported by American Express to the credit reporting agencies be promptly deleted. \n\nThank you for your attention to this matter. I look forward to your prompt response and resolution of my complaint.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Improper use of your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33837",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Reporting company used your report improperly",
  "text": "Complaint Against American Express for Unauthorized Sharing of Personal Information I am writing to file a formal complaint against American Express for the unauthorized sharing of my personal information with credit reporting agencies. \n\nUpon reviewing my credit report, I noticed that American Express has been reporting information about my account without my explicit written consent. This practice violates the provisions of 15 U.S. Code 6802, which governs the disclosure of nonpublic personal information by financial institutions. \n\nSpecifically : - 15 U.S. Code 6802 ( a ) states that a financial institution may not disclose nonpublic personal information without providing a notice to the consumer. \n- 15 U.S. Code 6802 ( b ) ( 1 ) requires that a financial institution clearly and conspicuously disclose to the consumer that such information may be disclosed to a third party, give the consumer the opportunity to opt out, and explain how the consumer can exercise that option. \n- 15 U.S. Code 6802 ( e ) ( 2 ) allows disclosure of nonpublic personal information only with the consent or at the direction of the consumer. \n\nAs I do not recall receiving such notice or providing written consent, I contacted American Express and requested that they provide me with the following : 1. A copy of the written permission I provided to American Express authorizing the sharing of my personal information with credit reporting agencies. This could be in the form of : - A signed authorization form. \n- A section within a loan or credit agreement explicitly stating my consent. \n- Email correspondence where I clearly express consent. \n- A recorded phone call where I explicitly agree to the sharing of my information. \n- Digital records showing my electronic consent with a timestamp and IP address. \n2. The date on which I granted this permission.\n\n3. Any other relevant documentation or records that support their authority to report my account information to credit reporting agencies. \n\nI requested that American Express provide this information within 14 days. Failure to comply will leave me no choice but to pursue legal action for invasion of privacy through public disclosure of private facts due to their inability to prove that I provided consent for the sharing of my private financial information, as well as any other applicable legal remedies. \n\nAs of now, I have not received the requested documentation or confirmation that American Express has ceased sharing my information and has notified the credit reporting agencies to delete any reported information. \n\nI am seeking the CFPBs assistance to investigate this matter and ensure that American Express complies with the legal requirements under 15 U.S. Code 6802 and stops unauthorized sharing of my personal information. Additionally, I request that any incorrect information reported by American Express to the credit reporting agencies be promptly deleted. \n\nThank you for your attention to this matter. I look forward to your prompt response and resolution of my complaint."
}

Chunk:
sharing of my personal information. additionally, i request that any incorrect information reported by american express to the credit reporting agencies be promptly deleted. thank you for your attention to this matter. i look forward to your prompt response and resolution of my complaint.

Result:
{
  "label": "POSITIVE",
  "score": 0.9984233379364014
}
