Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9377608,
  "complaint_id": "9377608",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I lost my job just before Covid, then had trouble finding a new one due to the pandemic, so for about 5 months I could not pay my bills. My account with the card issuer was closed as a charge off with a balance due. I have since regained employment and paid back my creditors, except for two. One is on a payment plan and this one will not accept my money. \n\nAfter reaching out to them to either settle my account for less or be on a payment plan to pay the balance back in full, I was told that the debt had been canceled and I was issued a 1099C. Its possible I received one, though I can not recall ; however, this creditor is still reporting the full balance due monthly to the three major credit bureaus. If the debt was indeed cancelled, my balance due should be reported as {$0.00} and if it wasnt cancelled, then I should be given the opportunity to repay the debt. \n\nThis unfair practice of the original creditor to not allow me to pay and continue to report a balance every month on my credit report, thus tanking my score, is making it nearly impossible to purchase a home or obtain new credit.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "78130",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Their investigation did not fix an error on your report",
  "text": "I lost my job just before Covid, then had trouble finding a new one due to the pandemic, so for about 5 months I could not pay my bills. My account with the card issuer was closed as a charge off with a balance due. I have since regained employment and paid back my creditors, except for two. One is on a payment plan and this one will not accept my money. \n\nAfter reaching out to them to either settle my account for less or be on a payment plan to pay the balance back in full, I was told that the debt had been canceled and I was issued a 1099C. Its possible I received one, though I can not recall ; however, this creditor is still reporting the full balance due monthly to the three major credit bureaus. If the debt was indeed cancelled, my balance due should be reported as {$0.00} and if it wasnt cancelled, then I should be given the opportunity to repay the debt. \n\nThis unfair practice of the original creditor to not allow me to pay and continue to report a balance every month on my credit report, thus tanking my score, is making it nearly impossible to purchase a home or obtain new credit."
}

Chunk:
i lost my job just before covid, then had trouble finding a new one due to the pandemic, so for about 5 months i could not pay my bills. my account with the card issuer was closed as a charge off with a balance due. i have since regained employment and paid back my creditors, except for two. one is on a payment plan and this one will not accept my money. after reaching out to them to either settle my account for less or be on a payment plan to pay the balance back in full, i was told that the debt had been canceled and i was issued a 1099c. its possible i received one, though i can not recall ; however, this creditor is still reporting the full balance due monthly to the three major credit bureaus. if the debt was indeed cancelled, my balance due should be reported as { $ 0. 00 } and if it wasnt cancelled, then i should be given the opportunity to repay the debt. this unfair practice of the original creditor to not allow me to pay and continue to report a balance every month on my credit report, thus tanking my score, is making it nearly impossible to purchase a home or obtain new credit.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999671459197998
}
