Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9272890,
  "complaint_id": "9272890",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My family and I went on a weekend getaway to XXXX XXXX. We stayed at XXXX XXXX and on XX/XX/year> while we were there, we were approached by a XXXX XXXX employee about being comped since we were guest. We were told we would be given free tickets of our choosing with additional gambling vouchers and other gifts. We were told we had to sign up for a XXXX hour presentation with XXXX decided to give it a shot and we went to XXXX, XXXX XXXX located at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, NV XXXX. We were set up for a XXXX oclock appointment. When we got there, we were asked to fill out information about ourselves, including our name, our annual gross income, our address. We then went through a sales pitch to sell us a time share. We respectfully declined the offer and wanted to get our gifts and continue with our vacation. We had XXXX different sales individuals try to sell us a time share program. They were very pushy and when we told them that we would want more time to make a decision they told us this would be a XXXX time deal. We still declined and after XXXX hours and XXXX minutes of being there we left. The sales representatives were misleading and pressuring us to buy part of their program when we did not want to. They did not want us to leave without agreeing to enroll. We did get XXXX tickets to adventure dome at XXXX XXXX and a {$25.00} voucher at XXXX XXXX, which did not end up working. \nLater that evening, I received an email that I was approved for a XXXX rewards credit card by XXXX. I did not sign up for any credit cards!! They explained during the sales pitch that they would do a credit check on us to see if we qualified for a timeshare. They never told us they would be taking a credit card Application This is fraud. We had no knowledge of applying for a credit card. I dont know the credit card details or anoint I was approved for. Once o get the card I will be calling XXXX and notifying them of the fraud.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "95037",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "My family and I went on a weekend getaway to XXXX XXXX. We stayed at XXXX XXXX and on XX/XX/year> while we were there, we were approached by a XXXX XXXX employee about being comped since we were guest. We were told we would be given free tickets of our choosing with additional gambling vouchers and other gifts. We were told we had to sign up for a XXXX hour presentation with XXXX decided to give it a shot and we went to XXXX, XXXX XXXX located at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, NV XXXX. We were set up for a XXXX oclock appointment. When we got there, we were asked to fill out information about ourselves, including our name, our annual gross income, our address. We then went through a sales pitch to sell us a time share. We respectfully declined the offer and wanted to get our gifts and continue with our vacation. We had XXXX different sales individuals try to sell us a time share program. They were very pushy and when we told them that we would want more time to make a decision they told us this would be a XXXX time deal. We still declined and after XXXX hours and XXXX minutes of being there we left. The sales representatives were misleading and pressuring us to buy part of their program when we did not want to. They did not want us to leave without agreeing to enroll. We did get XXXX tickets to adventure dome at XXXX XXXX and a {$25.00} voucher at XXXX XXXX, which did not end up working. \nLater that evening, I received an email that I was approved for a XXXX rewards credit card by XXXX. I did not sign up for any credit cards!! They explained during the sales pitch that they would do a credit check on us to see if we qualified for a timeshare. They never told us they would be taking a credit card Application This is fraud. We had no knowledge of applying for a credit card. I dont know the credit card details or anoint I was approved for. Once o get the card I will be calling XXXX and notifying them of the fraud."
}

Chunk:
my family and i went on a weekend getaway to xxxx xxxx. we stayed at xxxx xxxx and on xx / xx / year > while we were there, we were approached by a xxxx xxxx employee about being comped since we were guest. we were told we would be given free tickets of our choosing with additional gambling vouchers and other gifts. we were told we had to sign up for a xxxx hour presentation with xxxx decided to give it a shot and we went to xxxx, xxxx xxxx located at xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, nv xxxx. we were set up for a xxxx oclock appointment. when we got there, we were asked to fill out information about ourselves, including our name, our annual gross income, our address. we then went through a sales pitch to sell us a time share. we respectfully declined the offer and wanted to get our gifts and continue with our vacation. we had xxxx different sales individuals try to sell us a time share program. they were very pushy and when we told them that we would want more time to make a decision they told us this would be a xxxx time deal. we still declined and after xxxx hours and xxxx minutes of being there we left. the sales representatives were misleading and pressuring us to buy part of their program when we did not want to. they did not want us to leave without agreeing to enroll. we did get xxxx tickets to adventure dome at xxxx xxxx and a { $ 25. 00 } voucher at xxxx xxxx, which did not end up working. later that evening, i received an email that i was approved for a xxxx rewards credit card by xxxx. i did not sign up for any credit cards!! they explained during the sales pitch that they would do a credit check on us to see if we qualified for a timeshare. they never told us they would be taking a credit card application this is fraud. we had no knowledge of applying for a credit card. i dont know the credit card details or anoint i was approved for. once o get the card i will be calling xxxx and notifying them of the fraud.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993652701377869
}
