Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9141968,
  "complaint_id": "9141968",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I booked a reservation to stay one night in the hotel XXXX XXXX XXXX between XXXX to XXXX. I did my checking with my friend XXXX XXXX that booked XXXX nights reservation. The hotel attendant mixed or room and I stayed in her room so on XXXX I called the receptionist and I asked to do my check out, I was told that I just need to leave the key inside the room and was all set. Thats what I did. After couple days I saw XXXX $ extra charge in my account. When I contacted the hotel they told me that I stayed 1 more night but I did not. Later I understood that they charged 1 more night because my friend was i my room and I was in her room. \nNow after open a cdpb report they came and informed that the hotel discovered that I had a pet on my room.. I dont have any kind of pet! It was me and my wife only, they are charging me for the wrong room! \nI already explained XXXX times to the hotel and the credit card. I was in the room XXXX not XXXX! \nThey gave the wrong key.. XXXX was a friend reservation and yes she have a dog not me! \nAlso the email explaining that never came to me.. I have to be asking on the chat XXXX times to be able to understand something.. very bad experience!!!",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "940XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I booked a reservation to stay one night in the hotel XXXX XXXX XXXX between XXXX to XXXX. I did my checking with my friend XXXX XXXX that booked XXXX nights reservation. The hotel attendant mixed or room and I stayed in her room so on XXXX I called the receptionist and I asked to do my check out, I was told that I just need to leave the key inside the room and was all set. Thats what I did. After couple days I saw XXXX $ extra charge in my account. When I contacted the hotel they told me that I stayed 1 more night but I did not. Later I understood that they charged 1 more night because my friend was i my room and I was in her room. \nNow after open a cdpb report they came and informed that the hotel discovered that I had a pet on my room.. I dont have any kind of pet! It was me and my wife only, they are charging me for the wrong room! \nI already explained XXXX times to the hotel and the credit card. I was in the room XXXX not XXXX! \nThey gave the wrong key.. XXXX was a friend reservation and yes she have a dog not me! \nAlso the email explaining that never came to me.. I have to be asking on the chat XXXX times to be able to understand something.. very bad experience!!!"
}

Chunk:
i booked a reservation to stay one night in the hotel xxxx xxxx xxxx between xxxx to xxxx. i did my checking with my friend xxxx xxxx that booked xxxx nights reservation. the hotel attendant mixed or room and i stayed in her room so on xxxx i called the receptionist and i asked to do my check out, i was told that i just need to leave the key inside the room and was all set. thats what i did. after couple days i saw xxxx $ extra charge in my account. when i contacted the hotel they told me that i stayed 1 more night but i did not. later i understood that they charged 1 more night because my friend was i my room and i was in her room. now after open a cdpb report they came and informed that the hotel discovered that i had a pet on my room.. i dont have any kind of pet! it was me and my wife only, they are charging me for the wrong room! i already explained xxxx times to the hotel and the credit card. i was in the room xxxx not xxxx! they gave the wrong key.. xxxx was a friend reservation and yes she have a dog not me! also the email explaining that never came to me.. i have to be asking on the chat xxxx times to be able to understand something.. very bad experience!!!

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9986082911491394
}
