Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9611576,
  "complaint_id": "9611576",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I reached out to Citi bank when the balance transfer of XXXX was to be processed on XXXX and it didnt take place. I also reached out to synchrony bank and both banks said itll take a week to process. In XXXX I filed a dispute because it still didnt process. Then in XXXX I had Citi bank send me proof of payment and I sent it to XXXX but it wasnt sufficient enough for them. So I did a XXXX way call with both banks on XX/XX/year> and the rep. from Citi bank told the rep. from XXXX without me listening, what exact account the balance transfer went into. It wasnt my account. The rep from XXXX XXXX XXXX, found where the money went to and said the customer was requesting a refund. She told the rep from Citi to send proof of payment. So we sent it again but it wasnt sufficient enough for XXXX XXXX So on XX/XX/XXXX, Citi bank sent proof of payment again to XXXX but theyre not accepting the proof again. XXXXXXXX XXXX  wants Citi bank to send them a complete bank statement of the copy of the processed check, front and back within 15 days of today.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "153XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with balance transfer",
  "text": "I reached out to Citi bank when the balance transfer of XXXX was to be processed on XXXX and it didnt take place. I also reached out to synchrony bank and both banks said itll take a week to process. In XXXX I filed a dispute because it still didnt process. Then in XXXX I had Citi bank send me proof of payment and I sent it to XXXX but it wasnt sufficient enough for them. So I did a XXXX way call with both banks on XX/XX/year> and the rep. from Citi bank told the rep. from XXXX without me listening, what exact account the balance transfer went into. It wasnt my account. The rep from XXXX XXXX XXXX, found where the money went to and said the customer was requesting a refund. She told the rep from Citi to send proof of payment. So we sent it again but it wasnt sufficient enough for XXXX XXXX So on XX/XX/XXXX, Citi bank sent proof of payment again to XXXX but theyre not accepting the proof again. XXXXXXXX XXXX  wants Citi bank to send them a complete bank statement of the copy of the processed check, front and back within 15 days of today."
}

Chunk:
i reached out to citi bank when the balance transfer of xxxx was to be processed on xxxx and it didnt take place. i also reached out to synchrony bank and both banks said itll take a week to process. in xxxx i filed a dispute because it still didnt process. then in xxxx i had citi bank send me proof of payment and i sent it to xxxx but it wasnt sufficient enough for them. so i did a xxxx way call with both banks on xx / xx / year > and the rep. from citi bank told the rep. from xxxx without me listening, what exact account the balance transfer went into. it wasnt my account. the rep from xxxx xxxx xxxx, found where the money went to and said the customer was requesting a refund. she told the rep from citi to send proof of payment. so we sent it again but it wasnt sufficient enough for xxxx xxxx so on xx / xx / xxxx, citi bank sent proof of payment again to xxxx but theyre not accepting the proof again. xxxxxxxx xxxx wants citi bank to send them a complete bank statement of the copy of the processed check, front and back within 15 days of today.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9987838864326477
}
