Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9447179,
  "complaint_id": "9447179",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing today regarding my Barclays XXXX XXXX XXXX. Since XXXX of XXXX every payment that I have made to the account has had a payment hold placed on the payment. This hold appears on my account only after I get confirmation via text and email that the funds have been received from my bank. The payment hold then remains in place for XXXX to XXXX calendar days. For the duration of the payment hold, I do not have access to those funds as they have been taken from my bank account and Barclays is holding that money interest free while I have no access to the funds. \n\nI have been in contact several times over the past year with customer service representatives. No one has been able to tell me why this is happening or has been able to help me stop it from happening. I need a resolution to this situation ; it is becoming a hardship. \n\nA customer service representative I spoke with in XX/XX/XXXX told me she could not escalate my case any further over the phone or by email and that writing a letter to the Office of the President was my only line of action. She assured me that this letter would be read and that I would get a return phone call. I sent the letter to the exact address that was given to me ( confirmed multiple times ) and the US Postal Service returned the letter citing \" Insufficient Address ''. When I asked about them providing me with a false address, they were only able to tell me to \" wait and see '' if the payment holds will stop. When these reps view my account details, they all admit that there is no \" unusual '' activity on the account that would warrant any kind of action such as a payment hold. \n\nAt this point, these payment holds are causing me to make smaller payments to the card so that I have funds available for use. Making smaller payments makes interest fees higher. And the time that thy have my payment ( that they have confirmed they received ) they are collecting interest on that money that I can't collect interest on as well as forcing me into higher interest penalties because I am not able to pay the card down as fast as I would like to.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "02125",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-07-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "I am writing today regarding my Barclays XXXX XXXX XXXX. Since XXXX of XXXX every payment that I have made to the account has had a payment hold placed on the payment. This hold appears on my account only after I get confirmation via text and email that the funds have been received from my bank. The payment hold then remains in place for XXXX to XXXX calendar days. For the duration of the payment hold, I do not have access to those funds as they have been taken from my bank account and Barclays is holding that money interest free while I have no access to the funds. \n\nI have been in contact several times over the past year with customer service representatives. No one has been able to tell me why this is happening or has been able to help me stop it from happening. I need a resolution to this situation ; it is becoming a hardship. \n\nA customer service representative I spoke with in XX/XX/XXXX told me she could not escalate my case any further over the phone or by email and that writing a letter to the Office of the President was my only line of action. She assured me that this letter would be read and that I would get a return phone call. I sent the letter to the exact address that was given to me ( confirmed multiple times ) and the US Postal Service returned the letter citing \" Insufficient Address ''. When I asked about them providing me with a false address, they were only able to tell me to \" wait and see '' if the payment holds will stop. When these reps view my account details, they all admit that there is no \" unusual '' activity on the account that would warrant any kind of action such as a payment hold. \n\nAt this point, these payment holds are causing me to make smaller payments to the card so that I have funds available for use. Making smaller payments makes interest fees higher. And the time that thy have my payment ( that they have confirmed they received ) they are collecting interest on that money that I can't collect interest on as well as forcing me into higher interest penalties because I am not able to pay the card down as fast as I would like to."
}

Chunk:
i am writing today regarding my barclays xxxx xxxx xxxx. since xxxx of xxxx every payment that i have made to the account has had a payment hold placed on the payment. this hold appears on my account only after i get confirmation via text and email that the funds have been received from my bank. the payment hold then remains in place for xxxx to xxxx calendar days. for the duration of the payment hold, i do not have access to those funds as they have been taken from my bank account and barclays is holding that money interest free while i have no access to the funds. i have been in contact several times over the past year with customer service representatives. no one has been able to tell me why this is happening or has been able to help me stop it from happening. i need a resolution to this situation ; it is becoming a hardship. a customer service representative i spoke with in xx / xx / xxxx told me she could not escalate my case any further over the phone or by email and that writing a letter to the office of the president was my only line of action. she assured me that this letter would be read and that i would get a return phone call. i sent the letter to the exact address that was given to me ( confirmed multiple times ) and the us postal service returned the letter citing " insufficient address''. when i asked about them providing me with a false address, they were only able to tell me to " wait and see'' if the payment holds will stop. when these reps view my account details, they all admit that there is no " unusual'' activity on the account that would warrant any kind of action such as a payment hold. at this point, these payment holds are causing me to make smaller payments to the card so that i have funds available for use. making smaller payments makes interest fees higher. and the time that thy have my payment ( that they have confirmed they received ) they are collecting interest on that money that i can't collect interest on as well as forcing me into higher interest penalties because i am not able to pay the card down as fast as i would like to.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995453953742981
}
