Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9015974,
  "complaint_id": "9015974",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I contacted Legal Aid Society today and they provide me your company 's contact information regarding how I have not received any reduce payment from Capital One because of my XXXX hardship. Every since late last year I have been explaining to them that I had XXXX XXXXXXXX in XXXX and I was unable to work and only received XXXX XXXX until I can find a gainful employment. And I keep requesting for them every month because they tell me to call back can to see if they can make payment arrangements but they never do this is Capital One and I'm sure I'm not the only XXXX. Never seen credit company like this not being able to work with some money experience the financial hardship. It's almost like a strong-arm because every month my credit keeps dropping. So the month of XXXX and XXXX of this year I paid them XXXX and before that in XXXX {$85.00}. Now I am behind on my XXXX with XXXX. Just to try to appease them so my credit won't get ruined. I need help in dealing with Capital One.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Struggling to pay your bill",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "43211",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't work with you while you're going through financial hardship",
  "text": "I contacted Legal Aid Society today and they provide me your company 's contact information regarding how I have not received any reduce payment from Capital One because of my XXXX hardship. Every since late last year I have been explaining to them that I had XXXX XXXXXXXX in XXXX and I was unable to work and only received XXXX XXXX until I can find a gainful employment. And I keep requesting for them every month because they tell me to call back can to see if they can make payment arrangements but they never do this is Capital One and I'm sure I'm not the only XXXX. Never seen credit company like this not being able to work with some money experience the financial hardship. It's almost like a strong-arm because every month my credit keeps dropping. So the month of XXXX and XXXX of this year I paid them XXXX and before that in XXXX {$85.00}. Now I am behind on my XXXX with XXXX. Just to try to appease them so my credit won't get ruined. I need help in dealing with Capital One."
}

Chunk:
i contacted legal aid society today and they provide me your company's contact information regarding how i have not received any reduce payment from capital one because of my xxxx hardship. every since late last year i have been explaining to them that i had xxxx xxxxxxxx in xxxx and i was unable to work and only received xxxx xxxx until i can find a gainful employment. and i keep requesting for them every month because they tell me to call back can to see if they can make payment arrangements but they never do this is capital one and i'm sure i'm not the only xxxx. never seen credit company like this not being able to work with some money experience the financial hardship. it's almost like a strong - arm because every month my credit keeps dropping. so the month of xxxx and xxxx of this year i paid them xxxx and before that in xxxx { $ 85. 00 }. now i am behind on my xxxx with xxxx. just to try to appease them so my credit won't get ruined. i need help in dealing with capital one.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9940209984779358
}
