Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9198025,
  "complaint_id": "9198025",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "An unauthorized transaction was charged on my Discover credit card on XXXX XXXX, 2023 of {$900.00} from XXXX. I tried to contact the Discover team and they said that they will need more information regarding this case as the company said that the order was delivered. But when I contacted XXXX XXXX for the same asking about the order even after having no account on the XXXX website, they said the order number was never generated. I also filed a police complaint regarding the same and I have the police report. I also tried to send the live chat conversation between myself and XXXX people to prove that I never ordered any product from XXXX in my entire lifetime and never had an account on XXXX as well but still the Discover tean refused to accept the proofs given by me saying they are false proofs. I sent everything to the Discover people, the police report, the chat conversation between me and XXXX saying the order number was never generated as there was some kind of error, but still the discover people refused to credit me my unauthorized charges back to my account till date. I have been contacting Discover people over an year now and still they are not refunding me the amount.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "296XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "DISCOVER BANK",
  "date_received": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "SC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "An unauthorized transaction was charged on my Discover credit card on XXXX XXXX, 2023 of {$900.00} from XXXX. I tried to contact the Discover team and they said that they will need more information regarding this case as the company said that the order was delivered. But when I contacted XXXX XXXX for the same asking about the order even after having no account on the XXXX website, they said the order number was never generated. I also filed a police complaint regarding the same and I have the police report. I also tried to send the live chat conversation between myself and XXXX people to prove that I never ordered any product from XXXX in my entire lifetime and never had an account on XXXX as well but still the Discover tean refused to accept the proofs given by me saying they are false proofs. I sent everything to the Discover people, the police report, the chat conversation between me and XXXX saying the order number was never generated as there was some kind of error, but still the discover people refused to credit me my unauthorized charges back to my account till date. I have been contacting Discover people over an year now and still they are not refunding me the amount."
}

Chunk:
an unauthorized transaction was charged on my discover credit card on xxxx xxxx, 2023 of { $ 900. 00 } from xxxx. i tried to contact the discover team and they said that they will need more information regarding this case as the company said that the order was delivered. but when i contacted xxxx xxxx for the same asking about the order even after having no account on the xxxx website, they said the order number was never generated. i also filed a police complaint regarding the same and i have the police report. i also tried to send the live chat conversation between myself and xxxx people to prove that i never ordered any product from xxxx in my entire lifetime and never had an account on xxxx as well but still the discover tean refused to accept the proofs given by me saying they are false proofs. i sent everything to the discover people, the police report, the chat conversation between me and xxxx saying the order number was never generated as there was some kind of error, but still the discover people refused to credit me my unauthorized charges back to my account till date. i have been contacting discover people over an year now and still they are not refunding me the amount.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9989516735076904
}
