Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9654929,
  "complaint_id": "9654929",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Account XXXX 2002 XXXX XXXX Wells Fargo Credit Card Wells Fargo canceled my personal account, not this one above, which is my business account. I was going through a rough time making payments and asked if they could work with me on my business account. They canceled my business account without notice or a call, but they also closed my personal credit card, which was in good standing. I never missed a payment in personal with a high credit limit of XXXX k and always paid off the balance. When I called them, they said it was due to 'risk. ' This felt very shady, and I felt discriminated against because they asked if I belonged to any XXXX background during the phone call. I believe this is very XXXX, and they need to reopen my personal credit card",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "90650",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-07-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "Account XXXX 2002 XXXX XXXX Wells Fargo Credit Card Wells Fargo canceled my personal account, not this one above, which is my business account. I was going through a rough time making payments and asked if they could work with me on my business account. They canceled my business account without notice or a call, but they also closed my personal credit card, which was in good standing. I never missed a payment in personal with a high credit limit of XXXX k and always paid off the balance. When I called them, they said it was due to 'risk. ' This felt very shady, and I felt discriminated against because they asked if I belonged to any XXXX background during the phone call. I believe this is very XXXX, and they need to reopen my personal credit card"
}

Chunk:
account xxxx 2002 xxxx xxxx wells fargo credit card wells fargo canceled my personal account, not this one above, which is my business account. i was going through a rough time making payments and asked if they could work with me on my business account. they canceled my business account without notice or a call, but they also closed my personal credit card, which was in good standing. i never missed a payment in personal with a high credit limit of xxxx k and always paid off the balance. when i called them, they said it was due to'risk.'this felt very shady, and i felt discriminated against because they asked if i belonged to any xxxx background during the phone call. i believe this is very xxxx, and they need to reopen my personal credit card

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9966222047805786
}
