Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9173555,
  "complaint_id": "9173555",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "When I did the application for the card, I gave CitiBank my physical address as well as my mailing address. CitiBank still sent the card to my physical address where I can not receive mail. I called CitiBank in order to inform them that the card was supposed to be sent to the mailing address. They would not confirm that the mailing address was on the application. They asked to send a code to my phone to authenticate me and then proceeded to tell me that they could not send the text. Then they asked for work number where they called and talked to my supervisor who verified that I was who I said I was and then stated once again that they could not verify me. They asked me what my security word was-I told them-it was correct and then they stated that they still could not authenticate me. They asked for me SSN-still could not authenticate me. And then stated that they would have to send me a letter to authenticate me-even though they were sending it to an address where I can not receive mail. I pointed this out several times during the conversation and they said that I would have to wait XXXX business days to call back and then they would try something else. I waited the 10 days and then we went through the whole thing of them telling me that they could not authenticate me even though I answered everything correctly. They then asked me for family members ' phone in order to authenticate me but when I asked how they would use that information to authenticate me-they would not tell me how. So once again we get to the end of the conversation-and they tell me-AGAIN-that they have to resend the letter-EVEN THOUGH I AM NOT GOING TO GET THE LETTER BECAUSE THEY WON'T SEND IT TO THE CORRECT MAILING ADDRESS. I asked during both calls if I could just close the card because this was too much trouble for a card-they said that they had to authenticate me in order to close it but THEY WILL NOT AUTHENTICATE ME NOR WILL THEY GIVE ME A SUFFICIENT REASON AS TO WHY THEY CAN NOT AUTHENTICATE ME. I hope that as many people as possible read this because this is the most ridiculous thing that I ever had to deal with.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "29505",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "SC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem getting a working replacement card",
  "text": "When I did the application for the card, I gave CitiBank my physical address as well as my mailing address. CitiBank still sent the card to my physical address where I can not receive mail. I called CitiBank in order to inform them that the card was supposed to be sent to the mailing address. They would not confirm that the mailing address was on the application. They asked to send a code to my phone to authenticate me and then proceeded to tell me that they could not send the text. Then they asked for work number where they called and talked to my supervisor who verified that I was who I said I was and then stated once again that they could not verify me. They asked me what my security word was-I told them-it was correct and then they stated that they still could not authenticate me. They asked for me SSN-still could not authenticate me. And then stated that they would have to send me a letter to authenticate me-even though they were sending it to an address where I can not receive mail. I pointed this out several times during the conversation and they said that I would have to wait XXXX business days to call back and then they would try something else. I waited the 10 days and then we went through the whole thing of them telling me that they could not authenticate me even though I answered everything correctly. They then asked me for family members ' phone in order to authenticate me but when I asked how they would use that information to authenticate me-they would not tell me how. So once again we get to the end of the conversation-and they tell me-AGAIN-that they have to resend the letter-EVEN THOUGH I AM NOT GOING TO GET THE LETTER BECAUSE THEY WON'T SEND IT TO THE CORRECT MAILING ADDRESS. I asked during both calls if I could just close the card because this was too much trouble for a card-they said that they had to authenticate me in order to close it but THEY WILL NOT AUTHENTICATE ME NOR WILL THEY GIVE ME A SUFFICIENT REASON AS TO WHY THEY CAN NOT AUTHENTICATE ME. I hope that as many people as possible read this because this is the most ridiculous thing that I ever had to deal with."
}

Chunk:
when i did the application for the card, i gave citibank my physical address as well as my mailing address. citibank still sent the card to my physical address where i can not receive mail. i called citibank in order to inform them that the card was supposed to be sent to the mailing address. they would not confirm that the mailing address was on the application. they asked to send a code to my phone to authenticate me and then proceeded to tell me that they could not send the text. then they asked for work number where they called and talked to my supervisor who verified that i was who i said i was and then stated once again that they could not verify me. they asked me what my security word was - i told them - it was correct and then they stated that they still could not authenticate me. they asked for me ssn - still could not authenticate me. and then stated that they would have to send me a letter to authenticate me - even though they were sending it to an address where i can not receive mail. i pointed this out several times during the conversation and they said that i would have to wait xxxx business days to call back and then they would try something else. i waited the 10 days and then we went through the whole thing of them telling me that they could not authenticate me even though i answered everything correctly. they then asked me for family members'phone in order to authenticate me but when i asked how they would use that information to authenticate me - they would not tell me how. so once again we get to the end of the conversation - and they tell me - again - that they have to resend the letter - even though i am not going to get the letter because they won't send it to the correct mailing address. i asked during both calls if i could just close the card because this was too much trouble for a card - they said that they had to authenticate me in order to close it but they will not authenticate me nor will they give me a sufficient reason as to why they can not authenticate me. i hope that as many people as possible read this because this is the most ridiculous thing that i ever had to deal with.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995415210723877
}
