Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9175624,
  "complaint_id": "9175624",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "In 2023, Citi Bank reduced my credit limit twice with no missed payments and minimum payments made. As a result, my credit score dropped significantly. In XXXX of 2023, I did a balance transfer to reduce the amount of the CitiCard in half and pay more towards the balance to reduce the debt. Again, CitiCard reduced my credit limit which again impacted my credit score. I called to ask why and sent a letter and was told verbally and via letter I could ask for a credit limit increase and stating to them this was an unfair practice of reducing the limit which impacts my credit utilization which in turn impacts my credit score. In XXXX of 2023, I requested a credit limit increase per the letter sent to me from Citi and was denied the increase stating my monthly mortgage payment was not provided which I had updated in the app the prior month. Since then I have been working on paying the card completely off. \n\nYesterday, I received a letter from XXXX XXXX  XXXX stating they have made the decision to reduce my credit line after reviewing my credit history, economic and loss trends and consumer reports. My credit score is a direct reflection of the the credit limit decrease by CitiCard and now XXXX XXXX XXXX who have both impacted my utilization scoring. All of my accounts have been paid on time with more than the minimum and I have paid off two cards within the last 90 days totaling more than XXXX. \n\nIf I am one person who has had this happen to them twice, just imagine the others who are in the same position being negatively impacted for utilizing credit and paying them off. My husband has had the same happen to him and has closed all of his credit accounts to avoid this and went into debt relief which should not have had to happen in paying a off the credit cards. This is unfair and malicious. If the end goal is to keep us all in debt just say that. Can someone please take a serious look into this and assist the little people.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "280XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "In 2023, Citi Bank reduced my credit limit twice with no missed payments and minimum payments made. As a result, my credit score dropped significantly. In XXXX of 2023, I did a balance transfer to reduce the amount of the CitiCard in half and pay more towards the balance to reduce the debt. Again, CitiCard reduced my credit limit which again impacted my credit score. I called to ask why and sent a letter and was told verbally and via letter I could ask for a credit limit increase and stating to them this was an unfair practice of reducing the limit which impacts my credit utilization which in turn impacts my credit score. In XXXX of 2023, I requested a credit limit increase per the letter sent to me from Citi and was denied the increase stating my monthly mortgage payment was not provided which I had updated in the app the prior month. Since then I have been working on paying the card completely off. \n\nYesterday, I received a letter from XXXX XXXX  XXXX stating they have made the decision to reduce my credit line after reviewing my credit history, economic and loss trends and consumer reports. My credit score is a direct reflection of the the credit limit decrease by CitiCard and now XXXX XXXX XXXX who have both impacted my utilization scoring. All of my accounts have been paid on time with more than the minimum and I have paid off two cards within the last 90 days totaling more than XXXX. \n\nIf I am one person who has had this happen to them twice, just imagine the others who are in the same position being negatively impacted for utilizing credit and paying them off. My husband has had the same happen to him and has closed all of his credit accounts to avoid this and went into debt relief which should not have had to happen in paying a off the credit cards. This is unfair and malicious. If the end goal is to keep us all in debt just say that. Can someone please take a serious look into this and assist the little people."
}

Chunk:
in 2023, citi bank reduced my credit limit twice with no missed payments and minimum payments made. as a result, my credit score dropped significantly. in xxxx of 2023, i did a balance transfer to reduce the amount of the citicard in half and pay more towards the balance to reduce the debt. again, citicard reduced my credit limit which again impacted my credit score. i called to ask why and sent a letter and was told verbally and via letter i could ask for a credit limit increase and stating to them this was an unfair practice of reducing the limit which impacts my credit utilization which in turn impacts my credit score. in xxxx of 2023, i requested a credit limit increase per the letter sent to me from citi and was denied the increase stating my monthly mortgage payment was not provided which i had updated in the app the prior month. since then i have been working on paying the card completely off. yesterday, i received a letter from xxxx xxxx xxxx stating they have made the decision to reduce my credit line after reviewing my credit history, economic and loss trends and consumer reports. my credit score is a direct reflection of the the credit limit decrease by citicard and now xxxx xxxx xxxx who have both impacted my utilization scoring. all of my accounts have been paid on time with more than the minimum and i have paid off two cards within the last 90 days totaling more than xxxx. if i am one person who has had this happen to them twice, just imagine the others who are in the same position being negatively impacted for utilizing credit and paying them off. my husband has had the same happen to him and has closed all of his credit accounts to avoid this and went into debt relief which should not have had to happen in paying a off the credit cards. this is unfair and malicious. if the end goal is to keep us all in debt just say that. can someone please take a serious look into this and assist the little people.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991395473480225
}
