Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9036182,
  "complaint_id": "9036182",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have had my XXXX XXXX XXXX  for a while. I signed up for autopay and trusted comenity bank to honor this. Without my knowledge, Comenity bank decided to stop my autopay setup because according to them their system was incorrectly calculating the minimum payment amount due. How is this the consumers fault? Couldnt Comenity fix this without stopping the autopay setup? The autopay was set to whatever minimum payment amount comenity indicates and it was not set to a specific amount. They then added a missed payment on my credit report and I didnt notice the autopay was stopped until I logged into my account. I messaged them immediately asking why it was stopped and why I was not notified. They admitted that their system was calculating the payment amount incorrectly so they stopped the autopay. How is this the consumers fault? They then tell me that as a gesture of goodwill they will investigate the matter and let me know the result. I got the letter stating they cant change anything on my credit report",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "92630",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Their investigation did not fix an error on your report",
  "text": "I have had my XXXX XXXX XXXX  for a while. I signed up for autopay and trusted comenity bank to honor this. Without my knowledge, Comenity bank decided to stop my autopay setup because according to them their system was incorrectly calculating the minimum payment amount due. How is this the consumers fault? Couldnt Comenity fix this without stopping the autopay setup? The autopay was set to whatever minimum payment amount comenity indicates and it was not set to a specific amount. They then added a missed payment on my credit report and I didnt notice the autopay was stopped until I logged into my account. I messaged them immediately asking why it was stopped and why I was not notified. They admitted that their system was calculating the payment amount incorrectly so they stopped the autopay. How is this the consumers fault? They then tell me that as a gesture of goodwill they will investigate the matter and let me know the result. I got the letter stating they cant change anything on my credit report"
}

Chunk:
i have had my xxxx xxxx xxxx for a while. i signed up for autopay and trusted comenity bank to honor this. without my knowledge, comenity bank decided to stop my autopay setup because according to them their system was incorrectly calculating the minimum payment amount due. how is this the consumers fault? couldnt comenity fix this without stopping the autopay setup? the autopay was set to whatever minimum payment amount comenity indicates and it was not set to a specific amount. they then added a missed payment on my credit report and i didnt notice the autopay was stopped until i logged into my account. i messaged them immediately asking why it was stopped and why i was not notified. they admitted that their system was calculating the payment amount incorrectly so they stopped the autopay. how is this the consumers fault? they then tell me that as a gesture of goodwill they will investigate the matter and let me know the result. i got the letter stating they cant change anything on my credit report

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9986745119094849
}
