Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9242253,
  "complaint_id": "9242253",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My identity was stolen in XXXX, they got a hold of my Chase credit card and I was issued a new card, set up passcode and all security features they offer. Today XX/XX/XXXX, someone called the banking side of Chase to access my account. The person never asked for a passcode, they gave the person ( hacker, scammer ) my login information etc. I was never notified by Chase of this even though I receive alerts for everything else. The hacker went into my account and changed all my information, paid my card off with my funds, requested a credit line increase and applied for another card. This is not the first time this happened with Chase. I do not have a problem canceling my card, but this will happen to others and it should not. The stress this has caused, the amount of work I've missed over this is crazy.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "958XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Privacy issues",
  "text": "My identity was stolen in XXXX, they got a hold of my Chase credit card and I was issued a new card, set up passcode and all security features they offer. Today XX/XX/XXXX, someone called the banking side of Chase to access my account. The person never asked for a passcode, they gave the person ( hacker, scammer ) my login information etc. I was never notified by Chase of this even though I receive alerts for everything else. The hacker went into my account and changed all my information, paid my card off with my funds, requested a credit line increase and applied for another card. This is not the first time this happened with Chase. I do not have a problem canceling my card, but this will happen to others and it should not. The stress this has caused, the amount of work I've missed over this is crazy."
}

Chunk:
my identity was stolen in xxxx, they got a hold of my chase credit card and i was issued a new card, set up passcode and all security features they offer. today xx / xx / xxxx, someone called the banking side of chase to access my account. the person never asked for a passcode, they gave the person ( hacker, scammer ) my login information etc. i was never notified by chase of this even though i receive alerts for everything else. the hacker went into my account and changed all my information, paid my card off with my funds, requested a credit line increase and applied for another card. this is not the first time this happened with chase. i do not have a problem canceling my card, but this will happen to others and it should not. the stress this has caused, the amount of work i've missed over this is crazy.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9981119632720947
}
