Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9151797,
  "complaint_id": "9151797",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "We bought through American Express XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX One of these tickets was for my daughter for my wife and me. My daughter 's ticket was bought with a previous credit that i have with Amex Travel Center and part of it was paid with my American Express, The tickets were confirmed and when we arrived at the airport to take our flight, the airline told us that my daughters flight ticket was suspended because American Express chargeback the flight ticket. We called the Amex Travel Center to resolve this issue, but they did not resolve it. It's important to mention that American Express never notified me about the chargeback, neither Amex Travel Center. We missed our flight and all the expenses we have for this travel that include hotels, tours, train, and other flights.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "00969",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-02T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PR",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "We bought through American Express XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX One of these tickets was for my daughter for my wife and me. My daughter 's ticket was bought with a previous credit that i have with Amex Travel Center and part of it was paid with my American Express, The tickets were confirmed and when we arrived at the airport to take our flight, the airline told us that my daughters flight ticket was suspended because American Express chargeback the flight ticket. We called the Amex Travel Center to resolve this issue, but they did not resolve it. It's important to mention that American Express never notified me about the chargeback, neither Amex Travel Center. We missed our flight and all the expenses we have for this travel that include hotels, tours, train, and other flights."
}

Chunk:
we bought through american express xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx one of these tickets was for my daughter for my wife and me. my daughter's ticket was bought with a previous credit that i have with amex travel center and part of it was paid with my american express, the tickets were confirmed and when we arrived at the airport to take our flight, the airline told us that my daughters flight ticket was suspended because american express chargeback the flight ticket. we called the amex travel center to resolve this issue, but they did not resolve it. it's important to mention that american express never notified me about the chargeback, neither amex travel center. we missed our flight and all the expenses we have for this travel that include hotels, tours, train, and other flights.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999613344669342
}
