Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9083333,
  "complaint_id": "9083333",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have been a capital one member since XXXX the card ending in XXXX. I reached out on XX/XX/XXXX to see if there are options to enroll to a hardship program. The first agent I spoke to left me on hold to check and see if there are any eligible programs to help me bring my account current. I was on hold for a few minutes and the agent I spoke to said that there are no offers because of the account status I ended the conversation. I called back again and explained the hardship to another agent. The agent I spoke to for a second time said that my account is not eligible for any hardship program. And to make a partial payment and to check back for offers but it is not guaranteed. I am very displeased and very upset that capital one wont work with me to lower my monthly payments and now Im going to miss a payment and be charged late fees. If no one is willing to work something out I will escalate this CFPB and to XXXX. I wont continue doing business if Capital one wont work with me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Struggling to pay your bill",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "34746",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't work with you while you're going through financial hardship",
  "text": "I have been a capital one member since XXXX the card ending in XXXX. I reached out on XX/XX/XXXX to see if there are options to enroll to a hardship program. The first agent I spoke to left me on hold to check and see if there are any eligible programs to help me bring my account current. I was on hold for a few minutes and the agent I spoke to said that there are no offers because of the account status I ended the conversation. I called back again and explained the hardship to another agent. The agent I spoke to for a second time said that my account is not eligible for any hardship program. And to make a partial payment and to check back for offers but it is not guaranteed. I am very displeased and very upset that capital one wont work with me to lower my monthly payments and now Im going to miss a payment and be charged late fees. If no one is willing to work something out I will escalate this CFPB and to XXXX. I wont continue doing business if Capital one wont work with me."
}

Chunk:
i have been a capital one member since xxxx the card ending in xxxx. i reached out on xx / xx / xxxx to see if there are options to enroll to a hardship program. the first agent i spoke to left me on hold to check and see if there are any eligible programs to help me bring my account current. i was on hold for a few minutes and the agent i spoke to said that there are no offers because of the account status i ended the conversation. i called back again and explained the hardship to another agent. the agent i spoke to for a second time said that my account is not eligible for any hardship program. and to make a partial payment and to check back for offers but it is not guaranteed. i am very displeased and very upset that capital one wont work with me to lower my monthly payments and now im going to miss a payment and be charged late fees. if no one is willing to work something out i will escalate this cfpb and to xxxx. i wont continue doing business if capital one wont work with me.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9980223178863525
}
