Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9187178,
  "complaint_id": "9187178",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/2024 while on a cruise to XXXX XXXX XXXX, I purchased a blue sapphire and diamond and silver bracelet from a jeweler called XXXX XXXX. After I paid {$1300.00} On my capital one credit card for the bracelet, we noticed the clasp was broken, so the manager took the bracelet back to his shop to fix it. He was gone for about 40 minutes, and I was getting concerned because my ship was getting close to the sale time and I had to get back to it. After he finally came out, he literally slapped the bracelet on my wrist and ushered me by the arm out of the store. Once in the sunlight, I looked at the bracelet and exclaimed this is not the bracelet that I purchased. The sapphires were dark, dark blue almost black. He assured me that it was the same bracelet, and I asked to see the other one and he said no no you dont need to do that, this is the bracelet. It clearly was not but I did not have time to argue with him as I had to hurry back to the ship so I did not miss it. When I got home immediately filed a dispute with capital one, my credit card company. Their customer care department gave me the information I needed to do this online and to upload My supporting documents, Including an appraisal from a reputable local jeweler in my area who said that the diamonds were not diamonds, but CZs And it was a lesser quality sapphire. They appraised it at {$580.00} versus the {$1300.00} I paid for it. \nI also spent two whole days trying to reach the jewelry store itself because that was the first step in the dispute, but after two full days of research and phone calls, I did not have any luck in reaching the retailer. A supervisor at Capital One informed me that since I had tried to reach him, and saw my supporting documents of five pages of phone calls from my phone told me I did not need to do that. Then I got a document that said I basically had lost the case and that I still owed Capital One the {$1300.00}. The response from the XXXX jeweler was in XXXX and nobody could understand what it was saying. I spent days on the phone talking to customer service reps and supervisors at capital one after uploading all of my supporting documents, including the receipt,, The description of the bracelet that I had the jeweler right down, which completely was opposite of the jeweler that I received the appraisal from. I finally reached a supervisor who would take my case seriously, and she agreed that I should win the case and she immediately took the {$1300.00} charge off my account. However, 30 minutes later, it was back on and I received another document saying that the case was completed and I had lost. A follow up phone call on this with yet another supervisor was to no avail and she said I would have to work it out with the merchant. The merchant had said on his XXXX letter that I had not attempted to return the bracelet. However, I have found that it is prohibited to mail such an item to XXXX. \nI do not feel that Capital One has supported me as a client. This was clearly a case of fraud by the merchant and I feel that capital one treated me unfairly by ruling in the jewelers favor. They truly have no respect for their credit card holders I am attaching all of my documents involving this case",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "41017",
  "tags": "Older American, Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "KY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "On XX/XX/2024 while on a cruise to XXXX XXXX XXXX, I purchased a blue sapphire and diamond and silver bracelet from a jeweler called XXXX XXXX. After I paid {$1300.00} On my capital one credit card for the bracelet, we noticed the clasp was broken, so the manager took the bracelet back to his shop to fix it. He was gone for about 40 minutes, and I was getting concerned because my ship was getting close to the sale time and I had to get back to it. After he finally came out, he literally slapped the bracelet on my wrist and ushered me by the arm out of the store. Once in the sunlight, I looked at the bracelet and exclaimed this is not the bracelet that I purchased. The sapphires were dark, dark blue almost black. He assured me that it was the same bracelet, and I asked to see the other one and he said no no you dont need to do that, this is the bracelet. It clearly was not but I did not have time to argue with him as I had to hurry back to the ship so I did not miss it. When I got home immediately filed a dispute with capital one, my credit card company. Their customer care department gave me the information I needed to do this online and to upload My supporting documents, Including an appraisal from a reputable local jeweler in my area who said that the diamonds were not diamonds, but CZs And it was a lesser quality sapphire. They appraised it at {$580.00} versus the {$1300.00} I paid for it. \nI also spent two whole days trying to reach the jewelry store itself because that was the first step in the dispute, but after two full days of research and phone calls, I did not have any luck in reaching the retailer. A supervisor at Capital One informed me that since I had tried to reach him, and saw my supporting documents of five pages of phone calls from my phone told me I did not need to do that. Then I got a document that said I basically had lost the case and that I still owed Capital One the {$1300.00}. The response from the XXXX jeweler was in XXXX and nobody could understand what it was saying. I spent days on the phone talking to customer service reps and supervisors at capital one after uploading all of my supporting documents, including the receipt,, The description of the bracelet that I had the jeweler right down, which completely was opposite of the jeweler that I received the appraisal from. I finally reached a supervisor who would take my case seriously, and she agreed that I should win the case and she immediately took the {$1300.00} charge off my account. However, 30 minutes later, it was back on and I received another document saying that the case was completed and I had lost. A follow up phone call on this with yet another supervisor was to no avail and she said I would have to work it out with the merchant. The merchant had said on his XXXX letter that I had not attempted to return the bracelet. However, I have found that it is prohibited to mail such an item to XXXX. \nI do not feel that Capital One has supported me as a client. This was clearly a case of fraud by the merchant and I feel that capital one treated me unfairly by ruling in the jewelers favor. They truly have no respect for their credit card holders I am attaching all of my documents involving this case"
}

Chunk:
down, which completely was opposite of the jeweler that i received the appraisal from. i finally reached a supervisor who would take my case seriously, and she agreed that i should win the case and she immediately took the { $ 1300. 00 } charge off my account. however, 30 minutes later, it was back on and i received another document saying that the case was completed and i had lost. a follow up phone call on this with yet another supervisor was to no avail and she said i would have to work it out with the merchant. the merchant had said on his xxxx letter that i had not attempted to return the bracelet. however, i have found that it is prohibited to mail such an item to xxxx. i do not feel that capital one has supported me as a client. this was clearly a case of fraud by the merchant and i feel that capital one treated me unfairly by ruling in the jewelers favor. they truly have no respect for their credit card holders i am attaching all of my documents involving this case

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993698000907898
}
