Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9107887,
  "complaint_id": "9107887",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am just trying to figure out some things with my American Express account. When it was opened in XXXX, I loved it. It was perfect, I upgraded my account to one with an annual fee for extra awards. Until around XX/XX/XXXX when I rerouted my bank accounts due to fraud and forgot to update them, I had multiple returned payments on amex ; as well as other card companies. So unfortunately they did close my account due to those in or around XXXX XXXX Come to XXXX XXXX XXXX I was trying to pay my bill and I no longer had access to my online account. It says Error or something so I try my app and it says contact the number on the back of my card. I do not have my card. I cut it up because they closed my account. They revoked online access for me to pay my bills. So I called and they don't have the last 4 of my SSN in their database anymore and I don't have my card number. So I had no idea on what to do. I waited until the next month to try and call again unknowingly forgetting to make a payment because of what American Express had done. They put a 30 day late on my credit report and I call the number on the report and that is the only way I was able to get on the phone with someone without my card number. I had to use what XXXX provided. So I fully pay off the account, notice how I say fully. Then they say they can reroute my account back to normal payment standing, and they would transfer me over to someone in customer service who can do that. I get transferred to the automated bot who needs my account number. I do not have my account number/ credit card number because American Express closed my account!!! So I am back at square one and I forget about it and take the 30 day hit. Come XXXX I get a bill for XXXX XXXX and some change. What? I paid off the bill. You don't charge interest if the bill is fully paid off. I have no way to get in contact with anyone. I am not good with technology but I looked on American Express website about what to do with late payments and they said submit a CFPB complaint. So in Goodwill, please",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Incorrect information on your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "394XX",
  "tags": "Older American, Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MS",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Account status incorrect",
  "text": "I am just trying to figure out some things with my American Express account. When it was opened in XXXX, I loved it. It was perfect, I upgraded my account to one with an annual fee for extra awards. Until around XX/XX/XXXX when I rerouted my bank accounts due to fraud and forgot to update them, I had multiple returned payments on amex ; as well as other card companies. So unfortunately they did close my account due to those in or around XXXX XXXX Come to XXXX XXXX XXXX I was trying to pay my bill and I no longer had access to my online account. It says Error or something so I try my app and it says contact the number on the back of my card. I do not have my card. I cut it up because they closed my account. They revoked online access for me to pay my bills. So I called and they don't have the last 4 of my SSN in their database anymore and I don't have my card number. So I had no idea on what to do. I waited until the next month to try and call again unknowingly forgetting to make a payment because of what American Express had done. They put a 30 day late on my credit report and I call the number on the report and that is the only way I was able to get on the phone with someone without my card number. I had to use what XXXX provided. So I fully pay off the account, notice how I say fully. Then they say they can reroute my account back to normal payment standing, and they would transfer me over to someone in customer service who can do that. I get transferred to the automated bot who needs my account number. I do not have my account number/ credit card number because American Express closed my account!!! So I am back at square one and I forget about it and take the 30 day hit. Come XXXX I get a bill for XXXX XXXX and some change. What? I paid off the bill. You don't charge interest if the bill is fully paid off. I have no way to get in contact with anyone. I am not good with technology but I looked on American Express website about what to do with late payments and they said submit a CFPB complaint. So in Goodwill, please"
}

Chunk:
i am just trying to figure out some things with my american express account. when it was opened in xxxx, i loved it. it was perfect, i upgraded my account to one with an annual fee for extra awards. until around xx / xx / xxxx when i rerouted my bank accounts due to fraud and forgot to update them, i had multiple returned payments on amex ; as well as other card companies. so unfortunately they did close my account due to those in or around xxxx xxxx come to xxxx xxxx xxxx i was trying to pay my bill and i no longer had access to my online account. it says error or something so i try my app and it says contact the number on the back of my card. i do not have my card. i cut it up because they closed my account. they revoked online access for me to pay my bills. so i called and they don't have the last 4 of my ssn in their database anymore and i don't have my card number. so i had no idea on what to do. i waited until the next month to try and call again unknowingly forgetting to make a payment because of what american express had done. they put a 30 day late on my credit report and i call the number on the report and that is the only way i was able to get on the phone with someone without my card number. i had to use what xxxx provided. so i fully pay off the account, notice how i say fully. then they say they can reroute my account back to normal payment standing, and they would transfer me over to someone in customer service who can do that. i get transferred to the automated bot who needs my account number. i do not have my account number / credit card number because american express closed my account!!! so i am back at square one and i forget about it and take the 30 day hit. come xxxx i get a bill for xxxx xxxx and some change. what? i paid off the bill. you don't charge interest if the bill is fully paid off. i have no way to get in contact with anyone. i am not good with technology but i looked on american express website about what to do with late payments and they said submit a cfpb complaint. so in goodwill, please

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9983054399490356
}
