Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9197792,
  "complaint_id": "9197792",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "When filing disputes, I was assured by the US Bank representative I was speaking with, for over XXXX hours, that my account wouldn't negatively be affected because of it. After several weeks of denying me access to information regarding those disputes, they have not only apparently decided to close my account for excessive disputes, but remove all access to my account information. I have no ability to see my current balance or the actions being taken. I have had credit cards with balances closed in the past, and this has never been a step taken. According to my online dashboard, I no longer have an account, balance, bill, statements, or anything else. The account never existed despite the currently pending charges and negative balance, or the rather obvious attempts they have made in the last couple of weeks to cover for various retailers.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "490XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "U.S. BANCORP",
  "date_received": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "When filing disputes, I was assured by the US Bank representative I was speaking with, for over XXXX hours, that my account wouldn't negatively be affected because of it. After several weeks of denying me access to information regarding those disputes, they have not only apparently decided to close my account for excessive disputes, but remove all access to my account information. I have no ability to see my current balance or the actions being taken. I have had credit cards with balances closed in the past, and this has never been a step taken. According to my online dashboard, I no longer have an account, balance, bill, statements, or anything else. The account never existed despite the currently pending charges and negative balance, or the rather obvious attempts they have made in the last couple of weeks to cover for various retailers."
}

Chunk:
when filing disputes, i was assured by the us bank representative i was speaking with, for over xxxx hours, that my account wouldn't negatively be affected because of it. after several weeks of denying me access to information regarding those disputes, they have not only apparently decided to close my account for excessive disputes, but remove all access to my account information. i have no ability to see my current balance or the actions being taken. i have had credit cards with balances closed in the past, and this has never been a step taken. according to my online dashboard, i no longer have an account, balance, bill, statements, or anything else. the account never existed despite the currently pending charges and negative balance, or the rather obvious attempts they have made in the last couple of weeks to cover for various retailers.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993866682052612
}
