Original Data:
{
  "_id": 8993287,
  "complaint_id": "8993287",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Reported ID fraud. Synchrony bank/Amazon card found in my favor. Sent me new card, also punished me by slashing credit limit in half. Received new card, charges from fraud transfered to new card, synchrony says by mistake, but offered no info why halving limit. While awaiting mistake to be removed, Synchrony Bank reported to credit bureau first XXXX  days late, then XXXX days late causing XXXX points to be removed from my credit score. Called half dozen additional times and told by fraud dept they would fix it. In meantime card fraud balance is accumulating late fees and interest fees in addition to \" over limit fees ''. Live chatted with customer service online only to get harassed about making a payment. Next day notified by credit reports that Synchrony has closed the card, which will cause future score changes I'm sure. Very humiliated by several customer service reps in the fraud and billing depts",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "91402",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Reported ID fraud. Synchrony bank/Amazon card found in my favor. Sent me new card, also punished me by slashing credit limit in half. Received new card, charges from fraud transfered to new card, synchrony says by mistake, but offered no info why halving limit. While awaiting mistake to be removed, Synchrony Bank reported to credit bureau first XXXX  days late, then XXXX days late causing XXXX points to be removed from my credit score. Called half dozen additional times and told by fraud dept they would fix it. In meantime card fraud balance is accumulating late fees and interest fees in addition to \" over limit fees ''. Live chatted with customer service online only to get harassed about making a payment. Next day notified by credit reports that Synchrony has closed the card, which will cause future score changes I'm sure. Very humiliated by several customer service reps in the fraud and billing depts"
}

Chunk:
reported id fraud. synchrony bank / amazon card found in my favor. sent me new card, also punished me by slashing credit limit in half. received new card, charges from fraud transfered to new card, synchrony says by mistake, but offered no info why halving limit. while awaiting mistake to be removed, synchrony bank reported to credit bureau first xxxx days late, then xxxx days late causing xxxx points to be removed from my credit score. called half dozen additional times and told by fraud dept they would fix it. in meantime card fraud balance is accumulating late fees and interest fees in addition to " over limit fees''. live chatted with customer service online only to get harassed about making a payment. next day notified by credit reports that synchrony has closed the card, which will cause future score changes i'm sure. very humiliated by several customer service reps in the fraud and billing depts

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999195396900177
}
