Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9346028,
  "complaint_id": "9346028",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have a store credit card for Best Buy on XX/XX/2023 my card was refunded in the amount of XXXX after I cancelled an insurance plan I had with them. After I cancelled the plan they charged my other card to renew the plan eventhough I had already cancelled the plan. I was not aware they decided to charge my other card which by the way I was not aware of. The only reason I found out they charged my other card without persmission was because it was in default for no payments. I had not been keeping up with the payments since to my knowledge I did not owe anything they refused to clear the account and returned only XXXX I had to pay XXXX so they stop adding late payment fees which I should not have because I did not authorize that charge.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "60402",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I have a store credit card for Best Buy on XX/XX/2023 my card was refunded in the amount of XXXX after I cancelled an insurance plan I had with them. After I cancelled the plan they charged my other card to renew the plan eventhough I had already cancelled the plan. I was not aware they decided to charge my other card which by the way I was not aware of. The only reason I found out they charged my other card without persmission was because it was in default for no payments. I had not been keeping up with the payments since to my knowledge I did not owe anything they refused to clear the account and returned only XXXX I had to pay XXXX so they stop adding late payment fees which I should not have because I did not authorize that charge."
}

Chunk:
i have a store credit card for best buy on xx / xx / 2023 my card was refunded in the amount of xxxx after i cancelled an insurance plan i had with them. after i cancelled the plan they charged my other card to renew the plan eventhough i had already cancelled the plan. i was not aware they decided to charge my other card which by the way i was not aware of. the only reason i found out they charged my other card without persmission was because it was in default for no payments. i had not been keeping up with the payments since to my knowledge i did not owe anything they refused to clear the account and returned only xxxx i had to pay xxxx so they stop adding late payment fees which i should not have because i did not authorize that charge.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993942975997925
}
