Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9241285,
  "complaint_id": "9241285",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Chase bank which has firsttried to not pay my bank bonus, is now closed all my chase credit cards with a XXXX XXXX excellent payment history and not even XXXX late in the past XXXX years. \nI had an identity theft issue several months ago which did not affect my payment history in any waysdue to my deligence and hard work to stop the issues that come with identity theft. \nChase closure of my accounts was a big suprise and shock, due to no advance notice and no reason they may have done that. \nWhen I found out I contacted them and they just you had a few dispoutes with merchant. \ndisputes with merchants wither get resolved or not. In either case, I always pay my blances in full. \nI would like to file a claim againt XXXX for not following, The Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act ( CARD Act ) of 2009 requires credit card companies to give cardholders XXXX days ' notice. \nThey closed my account with no notice and XXXX notice. This bank thinks they can do whatever they want. \nHorrible bank.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "92618",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "Chase bank which has firsttried to not pay my bank bonus, is now closed all my chase credit cards with a XXXX XXXX excellent payment history and not even XXXX late in the past XXXX years. \nI had an identity theft issue several months ago which did not affect my payment history in any waysdue to my deligence and hard work to stop the issues that come with identity theft. \nChase closure of my accounts was a big suprise and shock, due to no advance notice and no reason they may have done that. \nWhen I found out I contacted them and they just you had a few dispoutes with merchant. \ndisputes with merchants wither get resolved or not. In either case, I always pay my blances in full. \nI would like to file a claim againt XXXX for not following, The Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act ( CARD Act ) of 2009 requires credit card companies to give cardholders XXXX days ' notice. \nThey closed my account with no notice and XXXX notice. This bank thinks they can do whatever they want. \nHorrible bank."
}

Chunk:
chase bank which has firsttried to not pay my bank bonus, is now closed all my chase credit cards with a xxxx xxxx excellent payment history and not even xxxx late in the past xxxx years. i had an identity theft issue several months ago which did not affect my payment history in any waysdue to my deligence and hard work to stop the issues that come with identity theft. chase closure of my accounts was a big suprise and shock, due to no advance notice and no reason they may have done that. when i found out i contacted them and they just you had a few dispoutes with merchant. disputes with merchants wither get resolved or not. in either case, i always pay my blances in full. i would like to file a claim againt xxxx for not following, the credit card accountability responsibility and disclosure act ( card act ) of 2009 requires credit card companies to give cardholders xxxx days'notice. they closed my account with no notice and xxxx notice. this bank thinks they can do whatever they want. horrible bank.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992885589599609
}
