Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9174753,
  "complaint_id": "9174753",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am a resident of the state of Louisiana and an XXXX XXXX service member. My XXXX XXXX time began on XX/XX/XXXX and has not yet concluded. I requested Louisiana XXXX XXXX benefits be applied to my Military Star Card account per Louisiana revised XXXX XXXX on XXXX XX/XX/XXXX and was denied on XXXX XX/XX/XXXX because I am not currently XXXX to a contingency area. Louisiana XXXX states : XXXX. Limits on creditor interest rates XXXX. Notwithstanding any provision of law to the contrary, no creditor in connection with an obligation entered into on or after XX/XX/XXXX, shall charge or collect from a person, or spouse of a person, who is on XXXX XXXX interest or finance charges exceeding XXXX percent per annum during the period that the person is XXXX on XXXX XXXX. \n\nB. Notwithstanding any provision of law to the contrary, interest or finance charges in excess of XXXX percent per annum that otherwise would be incurred but for the prohibition in XXXX XXXX of this Section are forgiven. \n\nXXXX XXXX amount of any periodic payment due from a person, or spouse of a person, who is on XXXX XXXX under the terms of the obligation shall be reduced by the amount of the interest and finance charges forgiven under XXXX XXXX of this Section that is allocable to the period for which the periodic payment is made. \n\nXXXX XXXX order for an obligation to be subject to the interest and finance charges limitation of this Section, the person, or spouse of the person on XXXX XXXX, shall provide the creditor with written notice and a copy of the military or gubernatorial orders calling the person to XXXX XXXX and of any orders further extending XXXX XXXX, not later than XXXX XXXX XXXX days after the date of the person 's termination of or release from XXXX XXXX. \n\nXXXX Upon receipt of the written notice and a copy of the orders referred to in Subsection D of this Section, the creditor shall treat the obligation in accordance with Subsection A of this Section, effective as of the date on which the person is on XXXX XXXX. \n\nXXXX XXXX court XXXX XXXX a creditor relief from the interest and finance charges limitation of this Section, if, in the opinion of the court, the ability of the person, or spouse of the person, on XXXX XXXX to pay interest or finance charges with respect to the obligation at a rate in excess of XXXX percent per annum is not materially affected by reason of the person 's service on XXXX XXXX. \n\nActs XXXX, No. XXXX, XXXX, eff. XX/XX/XXXX.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "704XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Army and Air Force Exchange Service",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "LA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "I am a resident of the state of Louisiana and an XXXX XXXX service member. My XXXX XXXX time began on XX/XX/XXXX and has not yet concluded. I requested Louisiana XXXX XXXX benefits be applied to my Military Star Card account per Louisiana revised XXXX XXXX on XXXX XX/XX/XXXX and was denied on XXXX XX/XX/XXXX because I am not currently XXXX to a contingency area. Louisiana XXXX states : XXXX. Limits on creditor interest rates XXXX. Notwithstanding any provision of law to the contrary, no creditor in connection with an obligation entered into on or after XX/XX/XXXX, shall charge or collect from a person, or spouse of a person, who is on XXXX XXXX interest or finance charges exceeding XXXX percent per annum during the period that the person is XXXX on XXXX XXXX. \n\nB. Notwithstanding any provision of law to the contrary, interest or finance charges in excess of XXXX percent per annum that otherwise would be incurred but for the prohibition in XXXX XXXX of this Section are forgiven. \n\nXXXX XXXX amount of any periodic payment due from a person, or spouse of a person, who is on XXXX XXXX under the terms of the obligation shall be reduced by the amount of the interest and finance charges forgiven under XXXX XXXX of this Section that is allocable to the period for which the periodic payment is made. \n\nXXXX XXXX order for an obligation to be subject to the interest and finance charges limitation of this Section, the person, or spouse of the person on XXXX XXXX, shall provide the creditor with written notice and a copy of the military or gubernatorial orders calling the person to XXXX XXXX and of any orders further extending XXXX XXXX, not later than XXXX XXXX XXXX days after the date of the person 's termination of or release from XXXX XXXX. \n\nXXXX Upon receipt of the written notice and a copy of the orders referred to in Subsection D of this Section, the creditor shall treat the obligation in accordance with Subsection A of this Section, effective as of the date on which the person is on XXXX XXXX. \n\nXXXX XXXX court XXXX XXXX a creditor relief from the interest and finance charges limitation of this Section, if, in the opinion of the court, the ability of the person, or spouse of the person, on XXXX XXXX to pay interest or finance charges with respect to the obligation at a rate in excess of XXXX percent per annum is not materially affected by reason of the person 's service on XXXX XXXX. \n\nActs XXXX, No. XXXX, XXXX, eff. XX/XX/XXXX."
}

Chunk:
i am a resident of the state of louisiana and an xxxx xxxx service member. my xxxx xxxx time began on xx / xx / xxxx and has not yet concluded. i requested louisiana xxxx xxxx benefits be applied to my military star card account per louisiana revised xxxx xxxx on xxxx xx / xx / xxxx and was denied on xxxx xx / xx / xxxx because i am not currently xxxx to a contingency area. louisiana xxxx states : xxxx. limits on creditor interest rates xxxx. notwithstanding any provision of law to the contrary, no creditor in connection with an obligation entered into on or after xx / xx / xxxx, shall charge or collect from a person, or spouse of a person, who is on xxxx xxxx interest or finance charges exceeding xxxx percent per annum during the period that the person is xxxx on xxxx xxxx. b. notwithstanding any provision of law to the contrary, interest or finance charges in excess of xxxx percent per annum that otherwise would be incurred but for the prohibition in xxxx xxxx of this section are forgiven. xxxx xxxx amount of any periodic payment due from a person, or spouse of a person, who is on xxxx xxxx under the terms of the obligation shall be reduced by the amount of the interest and finance charges forgiven under xxxx xxxx of this section that is allocable to the period for which the periodic payment is made. xxxx xxxx order for an obligation to be subject to the interest and finance charges limitation of this section, the person, or spouse of the person on xxxx xxxx, shall provide the creditor with written notice and a copy of the military or gubernatorial orders calling the person to xxxx xxxx and of any orders further extending xxxx xxxx, not later than xxxx xxxx xxxx days after the date of the person's termination of or release from xxxx xxxx. xxxx upon receipt of the written notice and a copy of the orders referred to in subsection d of this section, the creditor shall treat the obligation in accordance with subsection a of this section, effective as of the date on which the person is on xxxx xxxx. xxxx xxxx court xxxx xxxx a creditor relief from the interest and finance charges limitation of this section, if, in the opinion of the court, the ability of the person, or spouse of the person, on xxxx xxxx to pay interest

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9934697151184082
}
