Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9063105,
  "complaint_id": "9063105",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "In the last quarter of 2022, I had hit my limit on my card. I had already had issues with the autopay system with Capital One, and had set it to take the minimum balance to be paid. Instead, it took the entire XXXX dollar balance, leaving me with no money in my bank account. I called Capital One to request a refund, but they said they could only mail a check. I did not have reliable transportation at the time, and so I told them NOT to send a refund. I used my card for groceries and bills, totaling to about XXXX dollars. Out of nowhere, my credit card had a balance of about XXXX dollars on it, and was taking money out of my account, and it tanked my credit from XXXX to about XXXX. I called back and they said they had sent the check, despite me having said not to, and it never even made it to me anyway, as I had been fortunate enough to get a ride to the post office. I told them I wanted it voided, and the extra fees and interest removed, and to have my credit fixed, as it was their mistake that damaged it. They said that was fine, and even when the money was reapplied to my account, it still had my balance at about XXXX dollars, and my credit was not fixed. My maximum was then lowered to below the current balance, resulting in ridiculous interest rates, to the point that a XXXX dollar payment only put XXXX to the balance, and XXXX to interest. I have had numerous calls, and nothing has been fixed, and recently, I have had autopay withdrawals of about XXXX dollars, which then did not go toward the credit card. It had no history of the payment, so I have no idea what that payment has been for, as that is my only credit card.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "827XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "In the last quarter of 2022, I had hit my limit on my card. I had already had issues with the autopay system with Capital One, and had set it to take the minimum balance to be paid. Instead, it took the entire XXXX dollar balance, leaving me with no money in my bank account. I called Capital One to request a refund, but they said they could only mail a check. I did not have reliable transportation at the time, and so I told them NOT to send a refund. I used my card for groceries and bills, totaling to about XXXX dollars. Out of nowhere, my credit card had a balance of about XXXX dollars on it, and was taking money out of my account, and it tanked my credit from XXXX to about XXXX. I called back and they said they had sent the check, despite me having said not to, and it never even made it to me anyway, as I had been fortunate enough to get a ride to the post office. I told them I wanted it voided, and the extra fees and interest removed, and to have my credit fixed, as it was their mistake that damaged it. They said that was fine, and even when the money was reapplied to my account, it still had my balance at about XXXX dollars, and my credit was not fixed. My maximum was then lowered to below the current balance, resulting in ridiculous interest rates, to the point that a XXXX dollar payment only put XXXX to the balance, and XXXX to interest. I have had numerous calls, and nothing has been fixed, and recently, I have had autopay withdrawals of about XXXX dollars, which then did not go toward the credit card. It had no history of the payment, so I have no idea what that payment has been for, as that is my only credit card."
}

Chunk:
in the last quarter of 2022, i had hit my limit on my card. i had already had issues with the autopay system with capital one, and had set it to take the minimum balance to be paid. instead, it took the entire xxxx dollar balance, leaving me with no money in my bank account. i called capital one to request a refund, but they said they could only mail a check. i did not have reliable transportation at the time, and so i told them not to send a refund. i used my card for groceries and bills, totaling to about xxxx dollars. out of nowhere, my credit card had a balance of about xxxx dollars on it, and was taking money out of my account, and it tanked my credit from xxxx to about xxxx. i called back and they said they had sent the check, despite me having said not to, and it never even made it to me anyway, as i had been fortunate enough to get a ride to the post office. i told them i wanted it voided, and the extra fees and interest removed, and to have my credit fixed, as it was their mistake that damaged it. they said that was fine, and even when the money was reapplied to my account, it still had my balance at about xxxx dollars, and my credit was not fixed. my maximum was then lowered to below the current balance, resulting in ridiculous interest rates, to the point that a xxxx dollar payment only put xxxx to the balance, and xxxx to interest. i have had numerous calls, and nothing has been fixed, and recently, i have had autopay withdrawals of about xxxx dollars, which then did not go toward the credit card. it had no history of the payment, so i have no idea what that payment has been for, as that is my only credit card.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996080994606018
}
