Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9206279,
  "complaint_id": "9206279",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am filing this complaint against Capital One due to their failure to provide the required initial privacy notice as mandated by 15 U.S. Code 6803. This violation has resulted in the improper sharing of my nonpublic personal information with consumer reporting agencies without my informed notice. \n\nDetailed Summary : XXXX. Lack of Initial Privacy Notice : According to 15 U.S. Code 6803, [ Company Name ] is required to provide a clear and conspicuous privacy notice at the inception of our customer relationship. I do not recall receiving such a notice at the start of my relationship with [ Company Name ]. \n\nXXXX. Violation of Federal Privacy Laws : The absence of this required initial privacy notice constitutes a violation of federal privacy laws. This failure to comply with legal requirements has compromised the transparency and understanding of how my personal information is handled. \n\nXXXX. Improper Information Sharing : Due to the lack of the required privacy notice, I was not informed about Capital One 's policies and practices regarding the sharing of my nonpublic personal information with consumer reporting agencies and other third parties as allowed under section XXXX ( XXXX ). As a result, Captial One has shared my personal information without providing me with adequate notice.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Improper use of your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33837",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Reporting company used your report improperly",
  "text": "I am filing this complaint against Capital One due to their failure to provide the required initial privacy notice as mandated by 15 U.S. Code 6803. This violation has resulted in the improper sharing of my nonpublic personal information with consumer reporting agencies without my informed notice. \n\nDetailed Summary : XXXX. Lack of Initial Privacy Notice : According to 15 U.S. Code 6803, [ Company Name ] is required to provide a clear and conspicuous privacy notice at the inception of our customer relationship. I do not recall receiving such a notice at the start of my relationship with [ Company Name ]. \n\nXXXX. Violation of Federal Privacy Laws : The absence of this required initial privacy notice constitutes a violation of federal privacy laws. This failure to comply with legal requirements has compromised the transparency and understanding of how my personal information is handled. \n\nXXXX. Improper Information Sharing : Due to the lack of the required privacy notice, I was not informed about Capital One 's policies and practices regarding the sharing of my nonpublic personal information with consumer reporting agencies and other third parties as allowed under section XXXX ( XXXX ). As a result, Captial One has shared my personal information without providing me with adequate notice."
}

Chunk:
i am filing this complaint against capital one due to their failure to provide the required initial privacy notice as mandated by 15 u. s. code 6803. this violation has resulted in the improper sharing of my nonpublic personal information with consumer reporting agencies without my informed notice. detailed summary : xxxx. lack of initial privacy notice : according to 15 u. s. code 6803, [ company name ] is required to provide a clear and conspicuous privacy notice at the inception of our customer relationship. i do not recall receiving such a notice at the start of my relationship with [ company name ]. xxxx. violation of federal privacy laws : the absence of this required initial privacy notice constitutes a violation of federal privacy laws. this failure to comply with legal requirements has compromised the transparency and understanding of how my personal information is handled. xxxx. improper information sharing : due to the lack of the required privacy notice, i was not informed about capital one's policies and practices regarding the sharing of my nonpublic personal information with consumer reporting agencies and other third parties as allowed under section xxxx ( xxxx ). as a result, captial one has shared my personal information without providing me with adequate notice.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996857643127441
}
