Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9275972,
  "complaint_id": "9275972",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My account with XXXX and i was never late! I have had exceptional payment history witH XXXX XXXXXXXX and all payments were placed on XXXX. This late payment that is reporting is a result on a systematic error on their end processing my payment. \n\nThis was clearly a billing error made my the company and is not a reflection of my payment experience which violates USC Code 1681eb. This error has caused severe hard to my reputation, my character, my mode of living and to my family!\n\nI demand the late payment reported in MONTHS REPORTING LATE to be removed They are not in compliance with the following law. 15 USC 1666b and its requirements set the standards and the guidance for a creditor to treat a payment as late, yet they are reporting a payment as late and they did not comply with the law!\n\n15 USC 1666b ( a ) Time to make payments A creditor XXXX not treat a payment on a credit card account under an open end consumer credit plan as late for any purpose, unless the creditor has adopted reasonable procedures designed to ensure that each periodic statement including the information required by section XXXX ( b ) of this title is mailed or delivered to the consumer not later than 21 days before the payment due date. \n\nThis company never Sent the periodic statement along with the disclosures from section XXXX ( b ). \n\nI have requested proof that this information was mailed or delivered 21 days before the payment due date and this information was requested in good faith pursuant rule XXXX and It was never provided. \n\nThis is unfair, illegal, fraudulent, and not equitable to me as a consumer! \n\nDelete the late payments from my consumer report.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "77090",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Their investigation did not fix an error on your report",
  "text": "My account with XXXX and i was never late! I have had exceptional payment history witH XXXX XXXXXXXX and all payments were placed on XXXX. This late payment that is reporting is a result on a systematic error on their end processing my payment. \n\nThis was clearly a billing error made my the company and is not a reflection of my payment experience which violates USC Code 1681eb. This error has caused severe hard to my reputation, my character, my mode of living and to my family!\n\nI demand the late payment reported in MONTHS REPORTING LATE to be removed They are not in compliance with the following law. 15 USC 1666b and its requirements set the standards and the guidance for a creditor to treat a payment as late, yet they are reporting a payment as late and they did not comply with the law!\n\n15 USC 1666b ( a ) Time to make payments A creditor XXXX not treat a payment on a credit card account under an open end consumer credit plan as late for any purpose, unless the creditor has adopted reasonable procedures designed to ensure that each periodic statement including the information required by section XXXX ( b ) of this title is mailed or delivered to the consumer not later than 21 days before the payment due date. \n\nThis company never Sent the periodic statement along with the disclosures from section XXXX ( b ). \n\nI have requested proof that this information was mailed or delivered 21 days before the payment due date and this information was requested in good faith pursuant rule XXXX and It was never provided. \n\nThis is unfair, illegal, fraudulent, and not equitable to me as a consumer! \n\nDelete the late payments from my consumer report."
}

Chunk:
my account with xxxx and i was never late! i have had exceptional payment history with xxxx xxxxxxxx and all payments were placed on xxxx. this late payment that is reporting is a result on a systematic error on their end processing my payment. this was clearly a billing error made my the company and is not a reflection of my payment experience which violates usc code 1681eb. this error has caused severe hard to my reputation, my character, my mode of living and to my family! i demand the late payment reported in months reporting late to be removed they are not in compliance with the following law. 15 usc 1666b and its requirements set the standards and the guidance for a creditor to treat a payment as late, yet they are reporting a payment as late and they did not comply with the law! 15 usc 1666b ( a ) time to make payments a creditor xxxx not treat a payment on a credit card account under an open end consumer credit plan as late for any purpose, unless the creditor has adopted reasonable procedures designed to ensure that each periodic statement including the information required by section xxxx ( b ) of this title is mailed or delivered to the consumer not later than 21 days before the payment due date. this company never sent the periodic statement along with the disclosures from section xxxx ( b ). i have requested proof that this information was mailed or delivered 21 days before the payment due date and this information was requested in good faith pursuant rule xxxx and it was never provided. this is unfair, illegal, fraudulent, and not equitable to me as a consumer! delete the late payments from my consumer report.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995519518852234
}
