Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9080166,
  "complaint_id": "9080166",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I bought an item from a merchant website. \nI paid with my CC.for the amount of {$2600.00}. when I received the item, it was nothing like the item displayed on the website. I contacted the seller and requested a refund. The refund was denied. I sent pictures of the item I received. The merchant only cared about me weighing the item. The weight was not in dispute, it was the item being fake and completely different to the website. I asked to send it back. It was denied. The seller admitted to XXXX  me over. And even said he would win if I filed a dispute with my credit card. I filed a dispute and received credit for the item. Then, capital one denied my dispute and sided with the seller. the seller sent only one email asking me to weight the item. And a picture that I received the item. I received a fake item. And the seller sent one email out of +80 emails. I provided capital one with pictures of the emails. I sent emails of the seller saying he would not refund me. He said I was XXXX  and to accept it. He said he didn't care I received a fake item. I even offered to pay for the shipping. Yet, capital one ignored all that and sided with the seller. The seller only showed that an item was sent and that I received it. And a picture of an email asking me for the weight. He didn't send the emails of me offering to return it. He didn't send email of me sending pictures of the fake item. Capital One sided with the seller when I had not even had the ability to send pictures of my emails. The seller literally wrote in an email he was XXXX  me over. And capital one paid him. Me having emails of the seller saying he didn't care, he refused to accept a refund multiple times, he refused to acknowledge the issue. And all because I didn't send a picture of the weight of the item. The weight is not the issue! It's that everything looked different and he admitted to it being different! Admitted to using a third party shipper. All that ignored! The pictures he gave capital one of his items are not even the same pictures on the Website! All of it screams fraud and capital one sided with him.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "97603",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OR",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I bought an item from a merchant website. \nI paid with my CC.for the amount of {$2600.00}. when I received the item, it was nothing like the item displayed on the website. I contacted the seller and requested a refund. The refund was denied. I sent pictures of the item I received. The merchant only cared about me weighing the item. The weight was not in dispute, it was the item being fake and completely different to the website. I asked to send it back. It was denied. The seller admitted to XXXX  me over. And even said he would win if I filed a dispute with my credit card. I filed a dispute and received credit for the item. Then, capital one denied my dispute and sided with the seller. the seller sent only one email asking me to weight the item. And a picture that I received the item. I received a fake item. And the seller sent one email out of +80 emails. I provided capital one with pictures of the emails. I sent emails of the seller saying he would not refund me. He said I was XXXX  and to accept it. He said he didn't care I received a fake item. I even offered to pay for the shipping. Yet, capital one ignored all that and sided with the seller. The seller only showed that an item was sent and that I received it. And a picture of an email asking me for the weight. He didn't send the emails of me offering to return it. He didn't send email of me sending pictures of the fake item. Capital One sided with the seller when I had not even had the ability to send pictures of my emails. The seller literally wrote in an email he was XXXX  me over. And capital one paid him. Me having emails of the seller saying he didn't care, he refused to accept a refund multiple times, he refused to acknowledge the issue. And all because I didn't send a picture of the weight of the item. The weight is not the issue! It's that everything looked different and he admitted to it being different! Admitted to using a third party shipper. All that ignored! The pictures he gave capital one of his items are not even the same pictures on the Website! All of it screams fraud and capital one sided with him."
}

Chunk:
i bought an item from a merchant website. i paid with my cc. for the amount of { $ 2600. 00 }. when i received the item, it was nothing like the item displayed on the website. i contacted the seller and requested a refund. the refund was denied. i sent pictures of the item i received. the merchant only cared about me weighing the item. the weight was not in dispute, it was the item being fake and completely different to the website. i asked to send it back. it was denied. the seller admitted to xxxx me over. and even said he would win if i filed a dispute with my credit card. i filed a dispute and received credit for the item. then, capital one denied my dispute and sided with the seller. the seller sent only one email asking me to weight the item. and a picture that i received the item. i received a fake item. and the seller sent one email out of + 80 emails. i provided capital one with pictures of the emails. i sent emails of the seller saying he would not refund me. he said i was xxxx and to accept it. he said he didn't care i received a fake item. i even offered to pay for the shipping. yet, capital one ignored all that and sided with the seller. the seller only showed that an item was sent and that i received it. and a picture of an email asking me for the weight. he didn't send the emails of me offering to return it. he didn't send email of me sending pictures of the fake item. capital one sided with the seller when i had not even had the ability to send pictures of my emails. the seller literally wrote in an email he was xxxx me over. and capital one paid him. me having emails of the seller saying he didn't care, he refused to accept a refund multiple times, he refused to acknowledge the issue. and all because i didn't send a picture of the weight of the item. the weight is not the issue! it's that everything looked different and he admitted to it being different! admitted to using a third party shipper. all that ignored! the pictures he gave capital one of his items are not even the same pictures on the website! all of it screams fraud and capital one sided with him.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990782737731934
}
