Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9325832,
  "complaint_id": "9325832",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Experian is persistently reporting an account that does not belong to me. Despite multiple letters sent to them, they continue to remove and re-add the erroneous account to my credit files. This account and balance do not belong to me, and it is clearly a case of fraud/identity theft. XXXXXXXX XXXX has explicitly stated in a letter that they would remove this account ( letter attached ), in addition to the police report and FTC report that have been filed. This blatant disregard for regulations and continuous harassment are unacceptable. I demand immediate action to rectify this issue and remove this account from my credit file.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "93065",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Experian Information Solutions Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "Experian is persistently reporting an account that does not belong to me. Despite multiple letters sent to them, they continue to remove and re-add the erroneous account to my credit files. This account and balance do not belong to me, and it is clearly a case of fraud/identity theft. XXXXXXXX XXXX has explicitly stated in a letter that they would remove this account ( letter attached ), in addition to the police report and FTC report that have been filed. This blatant disregard for regulations and continuous harassment are unacceptable. I demand immediate action to rectify this issue and remove this account from my credit file."
}

Chunk:
experian is persistently reporting an account that does not belong to me. despite multiple letters sent to them, they continue to remove and re - add the erroneous account to my credit files. this account and balance do not belong to me, and it is clearly a case of fraud / identity theft. xxxxxxxx xxxx has explicitly stated in a letter that they would remove this account ( letter attached ), in addition to the police report and ftc report that have been filed. this blatant disregard for regulations and continuous harassment are unacceptable. i demand immediate action to rectify this issue and remove this account from my credit file.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996731281280518
}
