Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9494244,
  "complaint_id": "9494244",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Hello, Although this is an isolated event with my Best Buy credit card regarding a credit limit increase, the real issue is industry standardization around credit reporting inquiries. At some banks, it is a soft inquiry for credit limit increases and at other banks it will be considered a hard inquiry. As a customers, that is so unfair. Yes, it should be a hard inquiry when first applying to get the credit card but for a credit limit increase? Especially in my case, I have been a customer for over 10 years with a great payment history. Credit limit increases should be standardized as a soft inquiry by all financial institutions. The hard inquiries over and over to our credit report just do Not seem fair and just - as I mentioned the financial institution can see your payment history with them already as established customers. Its redundant. \n\nThank you, XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "77077",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't increase or decrease your credit limit",
  "text": "Hello, Although this is an isolated event with my Best Buy credit card regarding a credit limit increase, the real issue is industry standardization around credit reporting inquiries. At some banks, it is a soft inquiry for credit limit increases and at other banks it will be considered a hard inquiry. As a customers, that is so unfair. Yes, it should be a hard inquiry when first applying to get the credit card but for a credit limit increase? Especially in my case, I have been a customer for over 10 years with a great payment history. Credit limit increases should be standardized as a soft inquiry by all financial institutions. The hard inquiries over and over to our credit report just do Not seem fair and just - as I mentioned the financial institution can see your payment history with them already as established customers. Its redundant. \n\nThank you, XXXX"
}

Chunk:
hello, although this is an isolated event with my best buy credit card regarding a credit limit increase, the real issue is industry standardization around credit reporting inquiries. at some banks, it is a soft inquiry for credit limit increases and at other banks it will be considered a hard inquiry. as a customers, that is so unfair. yes, it should be a hard inquiry when first applying to get the credit card but for a credit limit increase? especially in my case, i have been a customer for over 10 years with a great payment history. credit limit increases should be standardized as a soft inquiry by all financial institutions. the hard inquiries over and over to our credit report just do not seem fair and just - as i mentioned the financial institution can see your payment history with them already as established customers. its redundant. thank you, xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993413090705872
}
