Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9452327,
  "complaint_id": "9452327",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Citibank Visa Card - A fraud alert was turned on when I tried to purchase travel tix. The citi not only blocked the transaction, they blocked the card. No email, text or phone call was made to me to check if it is me making the transaction. I called the company and they stated they can only send a letter in the mail. I requested overnight mail and was refused. I offered to go to ( citi bank ) local office and show my ID to prove my identity and was refused. The bank stopped all my credit cards. No reason was given. \nI have had Citi Card thru XXXX for several years ( at least XXXX years ). The balance is always paid in full within 30 days. \nI asked to file a complaint with the customer service rep and was refused. The customer service rep stated that is their security procedure so they can't file a complaint against it. \nThe bank shouldn't have the right to inconvenience me despite my offers to resolve it by providing the security info they needed. \nI have to wait for their snail mail to get here, which could be XXXX days. In the meantime, no credit cards with citi are working. Never been late on payments or even carried any balance over 30 days. I feel like I'm being harassed and inconvenienced. \nThank You for taking this complaint on my behalf.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "92807",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "Citibank Visa Card - A fraud alert was turned on when I tried to purchase travel tix. The citi not only blocked the transaction, they blocked the card. No email, text or phone call was made to me to check if it is me making the transaction. I called the company and they stated they can only send a letter in the mail. I requested overnight mail and was refused. I offered to go to ( citi bank ) local office and show my ID to prove my identity and was refused. The bank stopped all my credit cards. No reason was given. \nI have had Citi Card thru XXXX for several years ( at least XXXX years ). The balance is always paid in full within 30 days. \nI asked to file a complaint with the customer service rep and was refused. The customer service rep stated that is their security procedure so they can't file a complaint against it. \nThe bank shouldn't have the right to inconvenience me despite my offers to resolve it by providing the security info they needed. \nI have to wait for their snail mail to get here, which could be XXXX days. In the meantime, no credit cards with citi are working. Never been late on payments or even carried any balance over 30 days. I feel like I'm being harassed and inconvenienced. \nThank You for taking this complaint on my behalf."
}

Chunk:
citibank visa card - a fraud alert was turned on when i tried to purchase travel tix. the citi not only blocked the transaction, they blocked the card. no email, text or phone call was made to me to check if it is me making the transaction. i called the company and they stated they can only send a letter in the mail. i requested overnight mail and was refused. i offered to go to ( citi bank ) local office and show my id to prove my identity and was refused. the bank stopped all my credit cards. no reason was given. i have had citi card thru xxxx for several years ( at least xxxx years ). the balance is always paid in full within 30 days. i asked to file a complaint with the customer service rep and was refused. the customer service rep stated that is their security procedure so they can't file a complaint against it. the bank shouldn't have the right to inconvenience me despite my offers to resolve it by providing the security info they needed. i have to wait for their snail mail to get here, which could be xxxx days. in the meantime, no credit cards with citi are working. never been late on payments or even carried any balance over 30 days. i feel like i'm being harassed and inconvenienced. thank you for taking this complaint on my behalf.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991291165351868
}
