Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9237042,
  "complaint_id": "9237042",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I was prequalified for a credit card with a XXXX XXXX guarantee. This guarantee provides credit or {$XXXX} from XXXX XXXX. The credit card company was XXXX XXXX company. I applied and received an email to submit further documents which i did on XXXX different dates occasions with XXXX sets of different documents. They harvested much of my information and did not supply credit and when i reported this to XXXX XXXX  they also refused to provide support to ensure the guarantee and also did not provide me the {$XXXX} cause the credit company did not give me any adverse action. This process has gone over XXXX months and they received tons of my private info and have since spammed me since with credit offers with a higher credit limit which i would not reapply with a current application. This is fraud. This behavior is absurd and unprofessional. I hate making these complaints this is not how i enjoy spending my time! i am busy and have other more important things to do but now i have to contact you cause i dont want my personal information just harvested from a unknown bank in XXXX who scammed me for my info. I have called them numerous times with insane hold times and they just playing games with my application. This is bs. The last call i made after i submitted my electric bill which was overkill in regards to the property tax info, id, ss card and spectrum bill to verify my identity then they told me the application expired 3 days after i sent my electric bill they had all the info to process everything they are just playing games! Then i asked to speak to a XXXX and an XXXX  XXXX came on the line and stopped responding and the call did not hang up but they said hello and then wouldnt respond anymore. This is outrageous!",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "040XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CLGF Holdco 1, LLC",
  "date_received": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "ME",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Delay in processing application",
  "text": "I was prequalified for a credit card with a XXXX XXXX guarantee. This guarantee provides credit or {$XXXX} from XXXX XXXX. The credit card company was XXXX XXXX company. I applied and received an email to submit further documents which i did on XXXX different dates occasions with XXXX sets of different documents. They harvested much of my information and did not supply credit and when i reported this to XXXX XXXX  they also refused to provide support to ensure the guarantee and also did not provide me the {$XXXX} cause the credit company did not give me any adverse action. This process has gone over XXXX months and they received tons of my private info and have since spammed me since with credit offers with a higher credit limit which i would not reapply with a current application. This is fraud. This behavior is absurd and unprofessional. I hate making these complaints this is not how i enjoy spending my time! i am busy and have other more important things to do but now i have to contact you cause i dont want my personal information just harvested from a unknown bank in XXXX who scammed me for my info. I have called them numerous times with insane hold times and they just playing games with my application. This is bs. The last call i made after i submitted my electric bill which was overkill in regards to the property tax info, id, ss card and spectrum bill to verify my identity then they told me the application expired 3 days after i sent my electric bill they had all the info to process everything they are just playing games! Then i asked to speak to a XXXX and an XXXX  XXXX came on the line and stopped responding and the call did not hang up but they said hello and then wouldnt respond anymore. This is outrageous!"
}

Chunk:
i was prequalified for a credit card with a xxxx xxxx guarantee. this guarantee provides credit or { $ xxxx } from xxxx xxxx. the credit card company was xxxx xxxx company. i applied and received an email to submit further documents which i did on xxxx different dates occasions with xxxx sets of different documents. they harvested much of my information and did not supply credit and when i reported this to xxxx xxxx they also refused to provide support to ensure the guarantee and also did not provide me the { $ xxxx } cause the credit company did not give me any adverse action. this process has gone over xxxx months and they received tons of my private info and have since spammed me since with credit offers with a higher credit limit which i would not reapply with a current application. this is fraud. this behavior is absurd and unprofessional. i hate making these complaints this is not how i enjoy spending my time! i am busy and have other more important things to do but now i have to contact you cause i dont want my personal information just harvested from a unknown bank in xxxx who scammed me for my info. i have called them numerous times with insane hold times and they just playing games with my application. this is bs. the last call i made after i submitted my electric bill which was overkill in regards to the property tax info, id, ss card and spectrum bill to verify my identity then they told me the application expired 3 days after i sent my electric bill they had all the info to process everything they are just playing games! then i asked to speak to a xxxx and an xxxx xxxx came on the line and stopped responding and the call did not hang up but they said hello and then wouldnt respond anymore. this is outrageous!

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990046620368958
}
