Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9003976,
  "complaint_id": "9003976",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Capital One XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX : Response to Case No. XXXX Dear Capital One Customer Relations, I am writing to address the concerns raised in the recent communication regarding the accounts ending in XXXX and XXXX, as well as the corresponding Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) case number XXXX. \n\n1. Account Ending in XXXX & XXXX : Concerns Raised by Capital One : 1. Address : The address provided ( XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX ) has never been my address. I have resided in California for the past 6 years, from XXXX to the present. \n\n2. Phone Number : The phone number provided ( XXXX ) is not mine. My number is XXXX, as outlined on my credit report and instructions when a new account is attempted to be opened. \n\nXXXX. Email Address : The email address ( XXXX ) is not mine and was part of a data breach. I have not used this email in over 6 years. My email is XXXX, as outlined on my credit report. \n\n4. Flight Purchase : The flight purchase mentioned was not purchased by me and was a result of my passport being stolen, along with other items such as my ID, wallet, car, etc. \n\n5. Billing Statements Address : The address ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) mentioned for mailing billing statements is not associated with me. \n\n6. Payments : Mention of receiving mail-in payments from an account ending in XXXX with Fidelity that I have no ties to, indicating identity theft. \n\nResponse to Allegations : As the purported account holder, I categorically deny any association with the aforementioned account. The discrepancies noted by Capital One unequivocally indicate identity theft, necessitating immediate action to rectify the situation. \n\n- The address, phone number, and email provided do not correspond to my records and suggest fraudulent activity. These discrepancies have been confirmed through my credit report and personal documentation. \n\n- The flight purchase mentioned was a result of my passport and personal documents being stolen, resulting in unauthorized transactions. \n\n- I have never been associated with the mailing address provided for billing statements, further indicating fraudulent activity. \n\n- I have no ties to the account ending in XXXX with Fidelity, which clearly indicates identity theft and unauthorized financial transactions. \n\nActions Taken : In response to these concerning developments, I have taken the following actions : - I have promptly disputed the legitimacy of these accounts with Capital One and have requested a comprehensive investigation into the matter. \n\n- I have taken proactive steps to monitor my credit report and have reported the identity theft to the relevant authorities. \n\n- I am fully cooperating with Capital One and the CFPB to resolve this matter expeditiously and to prevent any further unauthorized activity. \n\nMandatory Response Required : Given the severity of the allegations and the clear evidence of identity theft, I request that Capital One undertake the following actions : - Conduct a thorough investigation into the accounts ending in XXXX and XXXX to determine the extent of the fraudulent activity and provide a detailed report of your findings. \n\n- Cease all collection activities related to these accounts until the investigation is complete and the matter is resolved to my satisfaction. \n\n- Provide me with copies of all documents, recordings, or communications relevant to the opening and management of these accounts. \n\n- Implement appropriate measures to prevent future occurrences of identity theft and unauthorized account openings. \n\nCompliance : I expect Capital One to adhere to all relevant laws, regulations, and industry standards in your handling of this matter. Failure to do so may result in further legal action. \n\nConclusion : I appreciate your attention to this matter and trust that appropriate measures will be taken to address the serious issues raised. Please acknowledge receipt of this letter and provide a timeline for the investigation and resolution of this matter. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX ---",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "300XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "In progress",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Their investigation did not fix an error on your report",
  "text": "XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Capital One XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX : Response to Case No. XXXX Dear Capital One Customer Relations, I am writing to address the concerns raised in the recent communication regarding the accounts ending in XXXX and XXXX, as well as the corresponding Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) case number XXXX. \n\n1. Account Ending in XXXX & XXXX : Concerns Raised by Capital One : 1. Address : The address provided ( XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX ) has never been my address. I have resided in California for the past 6 years, from XXXX to the present. \n\n2. Phone Number : The phone number provided ( XXXX ) is not mine. My number is XXXX, as outlined on my credit report and instructions when a new account is attempted to be opened. \n\nXXXX. Email Address : The email address ( XXXX ) is not mine and was part of a data breach. I have not used this email in over 6 years. My email is XXXX, as outlined on my credit report. \n\n4. Flight Purchase : The flight purchase mentioned was not purchased by me and was a result of my passport being stolen, along with other items such as my ID, wallet, car, etc. \n\n5. Billing Statements Address : The address ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) mentioned for mailing billing statements is not associated with me. \n\n6. Payments : Mention of receiving mail-in payments from an account ending in XXXX with Fidelity that I have no ties to, indicating identity theft. \n\nResponse to Allegations : As the purported account holder, I categorically deny any association with the aforementioned account. The discrepancies noted by Capital One unequivocally indicate identity theft, necessitating immediate action to rectify the situation. \n\n- The address, phone number, and email provided do not correspond to my records and suggest fraudulent activity. These discrepancies have been confirmed through my credit report and personal documentation. \n\n- The flight purchase mentioned was a result of my passport and personal documents being stolen, resulting in unauthorized transactions. \n\n- I have never been associated with the mailing address provided for billing statements, further indicating fraudulent activity. \n\n- I have no ties to the account ending in XXXX with Fidelity, which clearly indicates identity theft and unauthorized financial transactions. \n\nActions Taken : In response to these concerning developments, I have taken the following actions : - I have promptly disputed the legitimacy of these accounts with Capital One and have requested a comprehensive investigation into the matter. \n\n- I have taken proactive steps to monitor my credit report and have reported the identity theft to the relevant authorities. \n\n- I am fully cooperating with Capital One and the CFPB to resolve this matter expeditiously and to prevent any further unauthorized activity. \n\nMandatory Response Required : Given the severity of the allegations and the clear evidence of identity theft, I request that Capital One undertake the following actions : - Conduct a thorough investigation into the accounts ending in XXXX and XXXX to determine the extent of the fraudulent activity and provide a detailed report of your findings. \n\n- Cease all collection activities related to these accounts until the investigation is complete and the matter is resolved to my satisfaction. \n\n- Provide me with copies of all documents, recordings, or communications relevant to the opening and management of these accounts. \n\n- Implement appropriate measures to prevent future occurrences of identity theft and unauthorized account openings. \n\nCompliance : I expect Capital One to adhere to all relevant laws, regulations, and industry standards in your handling of this matter. Failure to do so may result in further legal action. \n\nConclusion : I appreciate your attention to this matter and trust that appropriate measures will be taken to address the serious issues raised. Please acknowledge receipt of this letter and provide a timeline for the investigation and resolution of this matter. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX ---"
}

Chunk:
##xx with fidelity, which clearly indicates identity theft and unauthorized financial transactions. actions taken : in response to these concerning developments, i have taken the following actions : - i have promptly disputed the legitimacy of these accounts with capital one and have requested a comprehensive investigation into the matter. - i have taken proactive steps to monitor my credit report and have reported the identity theft to the relevant authorities. - i am fully cooperating with capital one and the cfpb to resolve this matter expeditiously and to prevent any further unauthorized activity. mandatory response required : given the severity of the allegations and the clear evidence of identity theft, i request that capital one undertake the following actions : - conduct a thorough investigation into the accounts ending in xxxx and xxxx to determine the extent of the fraudulent activity and provide a detailed report of your findings. - cease all collection activities related to these accounts until the investigation is complete and the matter is resolved to my satisfaction. - provide me with copies of all documents, recordings, or communications relevant to the opening and management of these accounts. - implement appropriate measures to prevent future occurrences of identity theft and unauthorized account openings. compliance : i expect capital one to adhere to all relevant laws, regulations, and industry standards in your handling of this matter. failure to do so may result in further legal action. conclusion : i appreciate your attention to this matter and trust that appropriate measures will be taken to address the serious issues raised. please acknowledge receipt of this letter and provide a timeline for the investigation and resolution of this matter. sincerely, xxxx xxxx - - -

Result:
{
  "label": "POSITIVE",
  "score": 0.9583570957183838
}
