Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9132370,
  "complaint_id": "9132370",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Dispute Case # XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Against Merchant XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. XXXX disputed : {$3100.00} The Merchant had proposed to build half-toilet / powder room and meet the building code and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX The scope of work is detailed in the draft agreement and it included everything such as but not limited to carpentry, plumbing, electrical, walls, flooring, texturing and painting, install vanity and all the fixtures, apply for the permit from XXXX XXXX. The Merchant not only failed to provide any service or the product but also violated XXXX XXXX / Texas State Building Code requirements by not providing license and insurance information. I provided a detailed letter along with supporting documentation as well as written communication with the Merchant to Capital One. The documentation I provided confirms beyond doubt that the Merchant did not complete any of the service listed in the draft agreement. \n\nI requested Capital One Dispute Department to ask the Merchant for evidence of the completed work in the form of pictures, verify against the draft agreement AND also ask for the license information for the plumber and electrician who performed the work as it is required by the Texas State Law. Until the Merchant provides a verifiable evidence, I requested Capital One Dispute Resolution Department to reject any charges from this Merchant.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "77433",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Dispute Case # XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Against Merchant XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. XXXX disputed : {$3100.00} The Merchant had proposed to build half-toilet / powder room and meet the building code and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX The scope of work is detailed in the draft agreement and it included everything such as but not limited to carpentry, plumbing, electrical, walls, flooring, texturing and painting, install vanity and all the fixtures, apply for the permit from XXXX XXXX. The Merchant not only failed to provide any service or the product but also violated XXXX XXXX / Texas State Building Code requirements by not providing license and insurance information. I provided a detailed letter along with supporting documentation as well as written communication with the Merchant to Capital One. The documentation I provided confirms beyond doubt that the Merchant did not complete any of the service listed in the draft agreement. \n\nI requested Capital One Dispute Department to ask the Merchant for evidence of the completed work in the form of pictures, verify against the draft agreement AND also ask for the license information for the plumber and electrician who performed the work as it is required by the Texas State Law. Until the Merchant provides a verifiable evidence, I requested Capital One Dispute Resolution Department to reject any charges from this Merchant."
}

Chunk:
dispute case # xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx against merchant xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx. xxxx disputed : { $ 3100. 00 } the merchant had proposed to build half - toilet / powder room and meet the building code and xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx the scope of work is detailed in the draft agreement and it included everything such as but not limited to carpentry, plumbing, electrical, walls, flooring, texturing and painting, install vanity and all the fixtures, apply for the permit from xxxx xxxx. the merchant not only failed to provide any service or the product but also violated xxxx xxxx / texas state building code requirements by not providing license and insurance information. i provided a detailed letter along with supporting documentation as well as written communication with the merchant to capital one. the documentation i provided confirms beyond doubt that the merchant did not complete any of the service listed in the draft agreement. i requested capital one dispute department to ask the merchant for evidence of the completed work in the form of pictures, verify against the draft agreement and also ask for the license information for the plumber and electrician who performed the work as it is required by the texas state law. until the merchant provides a verifiable evidence, i requested capital one dispute resolution department to reject any charges from this merchant.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9968621730804443
}
