Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9585381,
  "complaint_id": "9585381",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Subject : Dispute of Inaccurate Information Due to Data Breach Dear Dispute Department, I am writing to formally dispute inaccuracies on my credit report that I believe are a result of the recent data breach involving XXXX. The information below outlines the items I am disputing and provides evidence to support my claim that these entries are erroneous. \nI have taken the necessary steps to report these fraudulent activities, including filing an identity theft report with the Federal Trade Commission and submitting a police report. Copies of these documents are enclosed for your reference. \nIn accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), I am requesting that these fraudulent items be investigated and removed from my credit report promptly. Please send me written confirmation once these items have been addressed and corrected.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "12603",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Atlanticus Services Corporation",
  "date_received": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Subject : Dispute of Inaccurate Information Due to Data Breach Dear Dispute Department, I am writing to formally dispute inaccuracies on my credit report that I believe are a result of the recent data breach involving XXXX. The information below outlines the items I am disputing and provides evidence to support my claim that these entries are erroneous. \nI have taken the necessary steps to report these fraudulent activities, including filing an identity theft report with the Federal Trade Commission and submitting a police report. Copies of these documents are enclosed for your reference. \nIn accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), I am requesting that these fraudulent items be investigated and removed from my credit report promptly. Please send me written confirmation once these items have been addressed and corrected."
}

Chunk:
subject : dispute of inaccurate information due to data breach dear dispute department, i am writing to formally dispute inaccuracies on my credit report that i believe are a result of the recent data breach involving xxxx. the information below outlines the items i am disputing and provides evidence to support my claim that these entries are erroneous. i have taken the necessary steps to report these fraudulent activities, including filing an identity theft report with the federal trade commission and submitting a police report. copies of these documents are enclosed for your reference. in accordance with the fair credit reporting act ( fcra ), i am requesting that these fraudulent items be investigated and removed from my credit report promptly. please send me written confirmation once these items have been addressed and corrected.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9878147840499878
}
