Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9272390,
  "complaint_id": "9272390",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Im kindly asking the CFPB for assistance in this case, so I opened 3 unauthorized transactions on my Apple credit because I did not authorize them, Ive been going back and forth with their investigation team because the refuse to conduct a proper investigation. I recently requested evidence from Them about the unauthorized transactions for all 3. The refused to send all 3 but they provided one. Looking over the documents theres nothing on any of these documents that shows I authorized this transaction, there different names and everything on these documents I never authorized any of these name to use my card. The up address is out my area and everything, yet they refuse to continue the investigation. Please see all the evidence they provided. They have all The evidence in their face that shows I didnt not authorize these transactions yet they keep closing the case and not doing their job",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "085XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA",
  "date_received": "2024-06-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Im kindly asking the CFPB for assistance in this case, so I opened 3 unauthorized transactions on my Apple credit because I did not authorize them, Ive been going back and forth with their investigation team because the refuse to conduct a proper investigation. I recently requested evidence from Them about the unauthorized transactions for all 3. The refused to send all 3 but they provided one. Looking over the documents theres nothing on any of these documents that shows I authorized this transaction, there different names and everything on these documents I never authorized any of these name to use my card. The up address is out my area and everything, yet they refuse to continue the investigation. Please see all the evidence they provided. They have all The evidence in their face that shows I didnt not authorize these transactions yet they keep closing the case and not doing their job"
}

Chunk:
im kindly asking the cfpb for assistance in this case, so i opened 3 unauthorized transactions on my apple credit because i did not authorize them, ive been going back and forth with their investigation team because the refuse to conduct a proper investigation. i recently requested evidence from them about the unauthorized transactions for all 3. the refused to send all 3 but they provided one. looking over the documents theres nothing on any of these documents that shows i authorized this transaction, there different names and everything on these documents i never authorized any of these name to use my card. the up address is out my area and everything, yet they refuse to continue the investigation. please see all the evidence they provided. they have all the evidence in their face that shows i didnt not authorize these transactions yet they keep closing the case and not doing their job

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9981332421302795
}
