Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9069591,
  "complaint_id": "9069591",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Before applying for a card I called to see if I would have instant access once approved. I needed an XXXX XXXX XXXX. I was told YES that I would have instant access via digital wallet with XXXX XXXX, XXXXXXXX XXXX, and she listed 3 more. \nI was approved immediately and no access. After speaking to 4 representatives I was told some people get an email directing them to digital wallet instant access. I asked why not me? No answer. I believe it is all lies to get customers. One representative told me I would have access in 48 hours. Another told me I would have to wait 7 days for the card. Another told me someone would get back to me within 2 days. I believe the representatives are told to lie about instant access to get customers.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "324XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "Before applying for a card I called to see if I would have instant access once approved. I needed an XXXX XXXX XXXX. I was told YES that I would have instant access via digital wallet with XXXX XXXX, XXXXXXXX XXXX, and she listed 3 more. \nI was approved immediately and no access. After speaking to 4 representatives I was told some people get an email directing them to digital wallet instant access. I asked why not me? No answer. I believe it is all lies to get customers. One representative told me I would have access in 48 hours. Another told me I would have to wait 7 days for the card. Another told me someone would get back to me within 2 days. I believe the representatives are told to lie about instant access to get customers."
}

Chunk:
before applying for a card i called to see if i would have instant access once approved. i needed an xxxx xxxx xxxx. i was told yes that i would have instant access via digital wallet with xxxx xxxx, xxxxxxxx xxxx, and she listed 3 more. i was approved immediately and no access. after speaking to 4 representatives i was told some people get an email directing them to digital wallet instant access. i asked why not me? no answer. i believe it is all lies to get customers. one representative told me i would have access in 48 hours. another told me i would have to wait 7 days for the card. another told me someone would get back to me within 2 days. i believe the representatives are told to lie about instant access to get customers.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993384480476379
}
