Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9119234,
  "complaint_id": "9119234",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "STILL NO ANSWER!! Amazon Synchrony has no fraud protection in place. This virtual card was used without my consent and I was not informed for months until they sent a paper statement. They removed one bad charge but refused to remove the other. For 2 years they continue to add fees and interest onto this frauduent charge. The issue is, they let a virtual card be used without a 2 step authentication, and without having a user input a 3 digit security code that would be on the back of a credit card. I have been asking for over a month via email ( to \" OfficeofthePresident ( Synchrony Financial ) '' XXXX, and XXXX, ) To give me a reply on at what point does their company do a \" charge off ''? Their customer service department mentioned this to me but did not have the answer. I want to know when they will Charge Off the balance they made on my account? And also, when can I expect this to be fixed? \n\nOnce again, I want to know when they will Charge Off the balance they made on my account? And also, when can I expect this to be fixed?",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "145XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "STILL NO ANSWER!! Amazon Synchrony has no fraud protection in place. This virtual card was used without my consent and I was not informed for months until they sent a paper statement. They removed one bad charge but refused to remove the other. For 2 years they continue to add fees and interest onto this frauduent charge. The issue is, they let a virtual card be used without a 2 step authentication, and without having a user input a 3 digit security code that would be on the back of a credit card. I have been asking for over a month via email ( to \" OfficeofthePresident ( Synchrony Financial ) '' XXXX, and XXXX, ) To give me a reply on at what point does their company do a \" charge off ''? Their customer service department mentioned this to me but did not have the answer. I want to know when they will Charge Off the balance they made on my account? And also, when can I expect this to be fixed? \n\nOnce again, I want to know when they will Charge Off the balance they made on my account? And also, when can I expect this to be fixed?"
}

Chunk:
still no answer!! amazon synchrony has no fraud protection in place. this virtual card was used without my consent and i was not informed for months until they sent a paper statement. they removed one bad charge but refused to remove the other. for 2 years they continue to add fees and interest onto this frauduent charge. the issue is, they let a virtual card be used without a 2 step authentication, and without having a user input a 3 digit security code that would be on the back of a credit card. i have been asking for over a month via email ( to " officeofthepresident ( synchrony financial )'' xxxx, and xxxx, ) to give me a reply on at what point does their company do a " charge off''? their customer service department mentioned this to me but did not have the answer. i want to know when they will charge off the balance they made on my account? and also, when can i expect this to be fixed? once again, i want to know when they will charge off the balance they made on my account? and also, when can i expect this to be fixed?

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999157190322876
}
