Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9278734,
  "complaint_id": "9278734",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Synchrony Bank 's branded store credit cards have experienced repeated, persistent issues with their login process on the web. When I have tried to login to my XXXX account, my XXXX account, and my XXXX XXXX XXXX account, I receive repeated errors that \" we are experiencing technical difficulties, try again later. '' I have tracked this problem since XXXX XXXX. \n\nHowever, I can login using my CLOSED XXXX XXXX account and access all of my Synchrony Bank accounts. In fact, it has been my only means by which to pay bills and participate in payment protection programs. I can understand techncial difficulties, but I've nearly missed payments due to this technical issue. I have to question what level of effort they are trying to pursue in order to fix the issue, or if there is some potential gain through late fees if the problem remains unfixed. At 30 % interest, I would hope they would at least maintain functional web portal logins.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "27517",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "Synchrony Bank 's branded store credit cards have experienced repeated, persistent issues with their login process on the web. When I have tried to login to my XXXX account, my XXXX account, and my XXXX XXXX XXXX account, I receive repeated errors that \" we are experiencing technical difficulties, try again later. '' I have tracked this problem since XXXX XXXX. \n\nHowever, I can login using my CLOSED XXXX XXXX account and access all of my Synchrony Bank accounts. In fact, it has been my only means by which to pay bills and participate in payment protection programs. I can understand techncial difficulties, but I've nearly missed payments due to this technical issue. I have to question what level of effort they are trying to pursue in order to fix the issue, or if there is some potential gain through late fees if the problem remains unfixed. At 30 % interest, I would hope they would at least maintain functional web portal logins."
}

Chunk:
synchrony bank's branded store credit cards have experienced repeated, persistent issues with their login process on the web. when i have tried to login to my xxxx account, my xxxx account, and my xxxx xxxx xxxx account, i receive repeated errors that " we are experiencing technical difficulties, try again later.'' i have tracked this problem since xxxx xxxx. however, i can login using my closed xxxx xxxx account and access all of my synchrony bank accounts. in fact, it has been my only means by which to pay bills and participate in payment protection programs. i can understand techncial difficulties, but i've nearly missed payments due to this technical issue. i have to question what level of effort they are trying to pursue in order to fix the issue, or if there is some potential gain through late fees if the problem remains unfixed. at 30 % interest, i would hope they would at least maintain functional web portal logins.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994945526123047
}
