Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9256529,
  "complaint_id": "9256529",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "The identity theft commenced when unauthorized access was gained to my XXXX XXXX I bank account, resulting in the unlawful withdrawal of {$1600.00}. Immediate action was taken upon discovery, with the incident promptly reported to XXXX XXXX to initiate necessary fraud and theft protocols. Subsequently, in XX/XX/XXXX, a credit report alert revealed suspicious activity, including unauthorized credit inquiries and the initiation of new credit card accounts, which I did not authorize or initiate. Notably, these inquiries and accounts were not associated with my legitimate financial activities. \nIn XX/XX/XXXX, unauthorized credit card accounts were opened with XXXX XXXX XXXX  and Capital One, further exacerbating the fraudulent activities perpetrated under my name. It is crucial to emphasize that I did not initiate nor authorize the creation of these accounts, as they were established under fictitious identities.Upon transitioning my banking services to XXXX, I availed of their real-time credit monitoring feature, enabling prompt detection of fraudulent activities upon my credit report. Immediate action was taken to notify XXXX XXXX XXXX  and Capital One, asserting my status as a victim of identity theft and contesting the legitimacy of the accounts in question. Correspondence ensued with both institutions, facilitating the submission of pertinent documentation and information to support my claim.Furthermore, I initiated disputes with XXXX and XXXX credit bureaus to rectify the inaccuracies within my credit history stemming from the fraudulent accounts. Despite diligent efforts and cooperation, the resolution process encountered obstacles, with the closure of the accounts by the respective banks in XX/XX/XXXX failing to alleviate the financial burden imposed upon me. \nIn XX/XX/XXXX, a formal police report was filed to document the fraudulent activities and the subsequent dissemination of my personal information on illicit online platforms. Regrettably, despite exhaustive efforts and the provision of comprehensive evidence, the credit bureaus concluded the matter without exoneration, attributing unwarranted responsibility to me. Last balance reported before the accounts were charged off ; XXXX XXXX : {$470.00}, Capital One ; {$1100.00}",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Incorrect information on your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "75034",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Information belongs to someone else",
  "text": "The identity theft commenced when unauthorized access was gained to my XXXX XXXX I bank account, resulting in the unlawful withdrawal of {$1600.00}. Immediate action was taken upon discovery, with the incident promptly reported to XXXX XXXX to initiate necessary fraud and theft protocols. Subsequently, in XX/XX/XXXX, a credit report alert revealed suspicious activity, including unauthorized credit inquiries and the initiation of new credit card accounts, which I did not authorize or initiate. Notably, these inquiries and accounts were not associated with my legitimate financial activities. \nIn XX/XX/XXXX, unauthorized credit card accounts were opened with XXXX XXXX XXXX  and Capital One, further exacerbating the fraudulent activities perpetrated under my name. It is crucial to emphasize that I did not initiate nor authorize the creation of these accounts, as they were established under fictitious identities.Upon transitioning my banking services to XXXX, I availed of their real-time credit monitoring feature, enabling prompt detection of fraudulent activities upon my credit report. Immediate action was taken to notify XXXX XXXX XXXX  and Capital One, asserting my status as a victim of identity theft and contesting the legitimacy of the accounts in question. Correspondence ensued with both institutions, facilitating the submission of pertinent documentation and information to support my claim.Furthermore, I initiated disputes with XXXX and XXXX credit bureaus to rectify the inaccuracies within my credit history stemming from the fraudulent accounts. Despite diligent efforts and cooperation, the resolution process encountered obstacles, with the closure of the accounts by the respective banks in XX/XX/XXXX failing to alleviate the financial burden imposed upon me. \nIn XX/XX/XXXX, a formal police report was filed to document the fraudulent activities and the subsequent dissemination of my personal information on illicit online platforms. Regrettably, despite exhaustive efforts and the provision of comprehensive evidence, the credit bureaus concluded the matter without exoneration, attributing unwarranted responsibility to me. Last balance reported before the accounts were charged off ; XXXX XXXX : {$470.00}, Capital One ; {$1100.00}"
}

Chunk:
the identity theft commenced when unauthorized access was gained to my xxxx xxxx i bank account, resulting in the unlawful withdrawal of { $ 1600. 00 }. immediate action was taken upon discovery, with the incident promptly reported to xxxx xxxx to initiate necessary fraud and theft protocols. subsequently, in xx / xx / xxxx, a credit report alert revealed suspicious activity, including unauthorized credit inquiries and the initiation of new credit card accounts, which i did not authorize or initiate. notably, these inquiries and accounts were not associated with my legitimate financial activities. in xx / xx / xxxx, unauthorized credit card accounts were opened with xxxx xxxx xxxx and capital one, further exacerbating the fraudulent activities perpetrated under my name. it is crucial to emphasize that i did not initiate nor authorize the creation of these accounts, as they were established under fictitious identities. upon transitioning my banking services to xxxx, i availed of their real - time credit monitoring feature, enabling prompt detection of fraudulent activities upon my credit report. immediate action was taken to notify xxxx xxxx xxxx and capital one, asserting my status as a victim of identity theft and contesting the legitimacy of the accounts in question. correspondence ensued with both institutions, facilitating the submission of pertinent documentation and information to support my claim. furthermore, i initiated disputes with xxxx and xxxx credit bureaus to rectify the inaccuracies within my credit history stemming from the fraudulent accounts. despite diligent efforts and cooperation, the resolution process encountered obstacles, with the closure of the accounts by the respective banks in xx / xx / xxxx failing to alleviate the financial burden imposed upon me. in xx / xx / xxxx, a formal police report was filed to document the fraudulent activities and the subsequent dissemination of my personal information on illicit online platforms. regrettably, despite exhaustive efforts and the provision of comprehensive evidence, the credit bureaus concluded the matter without exoneration, attributing unwarranted responsibility to me. last balance reported before the accounts were charged off ; xxxx xxxx : { $ 470. 00 }, capital one ; { $ 1100. 00 }

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988768696784973
}
