Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9129627,
  "complaint_id": "9129627",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am filing a complaint against Capital One regarding the denial of my dispute claim for a transaction with the merchant XXXX XXXX ( Case Number : XXXX ). The merchant claimed that the goods were as described and received in good condition, but this is incorrect. The property was filthy, with old dog XXXX, trash like XXXX  ice tea cans and XXXX cups, and a moldy shower with leaks. The yard was littered with garbage from previous tenants. Additionally, during our stay, an XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  entered the basement without notice, leaving the door open and unlocked, creating a security risk. After our stay, the owner falsely accused us of causing damage and attempted to charge extra fees for my service animalR despite the property already having pre-existing wear and damage. I request that the CFPB review my case and assist in resolving this matter with a full refund due to the unacceptable conditions and negative experience.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "539XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I am filing a complaint against Capital One regarding the denial of my dispute claim for a transaction with the merchant XXXX XXXX ( Case Number : XXXX ). The merchant claimed that the goods were as described and received in good condition, but this is incorrect. The property was filthy, with old dog XXXX, trash like XXXX  ice tea cans and XXXX cups, and a moldy shower with leaks. The yard was littered with garbage from previous tenants. Additionally, during our stay, an XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  entered the basement without notice, leaving the door open and unlocked, creating a security risk. After our stay, the owner falsely accused us of causing damage and attempted to charge extra fees for my service animalR despite the property already having pre-existing wear and damage. I request that the CFPB review my case and assist in resolving this matter with a full refund due to the unacceptable conditions and negative experience."
}

Chunk:
i am filing a complaint against capital one regarding the denial of my dispute claim for a transaction with the merchant xxxx xxxx ( case number : xxxx ). the merchant claimed that the goods were as described and received in good condition, but this is incorrect. the property was filthy, with old dog xxxx, trash like xxxx ice tea cans and xxxx cups, and a moldy shower with leaks. the yard was littered with garbage from previous tenants. additionally, during our stay, an xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx entered the basement without notice, leaving the door open and unlocked, creating a security risk. after our stay, the owner falsely accused us of causing damage and attempted to charge extra fees for my service animalr despite the property already having pre - existing wear and damage. i request that the cfpb review my case and assist in resolving this matter with a full refund due to the unacceptable conditions and negative experience.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993796348571777
}
