Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9196194,
  "complaint_id": "9196194",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Good morning, I received a credit from XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX and on XXXX XXXX, I spoke to a chase representative at around XXXX XXXX XXXX time regarding the credit transfer policy and she told me she can try an electronic transfer but its not guaranteed, in that event a paper check will me mailed out to me, so I told her that no dont do that and I would like to speak to her supervisor ( manager /supervisor ) regarding this transfer policy, so she transferred me to her supervisor XXXX ( spelling not confirmed ), he confirmed that chase only sends paper checks and no electronic transfer even though it states in the disclosure that electronic transfer ll be sent out. \nSo I said that if that is the policy then I dont want to be sent out paper check. I said XXXX times, then he said he would be able to cancel it since its not processed yet. \nThen I found out later in the evening through my online chase app that a check has been mailed out to me. \nSo I am talking to your representatives since then early morning XX/XX/XXXX to put a stop payment on this check so that no XXXX misuse it and I dont lose my money. \nI spoke to different representative, XXXX at XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX time on XXXX XXXX. And he told me they Will contact the other department regarding this and they ll send me a letter to confirm this discussion. But I dont receive any letter thereafter. Then next supervisor named XXXX says the same thing but gives me a case no instead which is XXXX. Then next supervisor named XXXX, he said he has sent the request to put stop payment on check and it ll take XXXX business days. I spoke to him today at around XXXX XXXX XXXX time. \nSo please put a stop payment on this check so that no one can misuse the check to get my money since I am not in the country. Also I never gave me the consent to mail out a check to me in the first place. \nI am facing a lot of mental harassment and financial harassment on this account as I never gave my consent to mail out a check for the credit balance. Its regarding my south west credit card ending in XXXX I am a chase customer since 2019. \n\nPlease resolve it at the earliest and give me my Money back. \nTotal amount XXXX $ With Regards, XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "08857",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Good morning, I received a credit from XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX and on XXXX XXXX, I spoke to a chase representative at around XXXX XXXX XXXX time regarding the credit transfer policy and she told me she can try an electronic transfer but its not guaranteed, in that event a paper check will me mailed out to me, so I told her that no dont do that and I would like to speak to her supervisor ( manager /supervisor ) regarding this transfer policy, so she transferred me to her supervisor XXXX ( spelling not confirmed ), he confirmed that chase only sends paper checks and no electronic transfer even though it states in the disclosure that electronic transfer ll be sent out. \nSo I said that if that is the policy then I dont want to be sent out paper check. I said XXXX times, then he said he would be able to cancel it since its not processed yet. \nThen I found out later in the evening through my online chase app that a check has been mailed out to me. \nSo I am talking to your representatives since then early morning XX/XX/XXXX to put a stop payment on this check so that no XXXX misuse it and I dont lose my money. \nI spoke to different representative, XXXX at XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX time on XXXX XXXX. And he told me they Will contact the other department regarding this and they ll send me a letter to confirm this discussion. But I dont receive any letter thereafter. Then next supervisor named XXXX says the same thing but gives me a case no instead which is XXXX. Then next supervisor named XXXX, he said he has sent the request to put stop payment on check and it ll take XXXX business days. I spoke to him today at around XXXX XXXX XXXX time. \nSo please put a stop payment on this check so that no one can misuse the check to get my money since I am not in the country. Also I never gave me the consent to mail out a check to me in the first place. \nI am facing a lot of mental harassment and financial harassment on this account as I never gave my consent to mail out a check for the credit balance. Its regarding my south west credit card ending in XXXX I am a chase customer since 2019. \n\nPlease resolve it at the earliest and give me my Money back. \nTotal amount XXXX $ With Regards, XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
good morning, i received a credit from xxxx on xx / xx / xxxx and on xxxx xxxx, i spoke to a chase representative at around xxxx xxxx xxxx time regarding the credit transfer policy and she told me she can try an electronic transfer but its not guaranteed, in that event a paper check will me mailed out to me, so i told her that no dont do that and i would like to speak to her supervisor ( manager / supervisor ) regarding this transfer policy, so she transferred me to her supervisor xxxx ( spelling not confirmed ), he confirmed that chase only sends paper checks and no electronic transfer even though it states in the disclosure that electronic transfer ll be sent out. so i said that if that is the policy then i dont want to be sent out paper check. i said xxxx times, then he said he would be able to cancel it since its not processed yet. then i found out later in the evening through my online chase app that a check has been mailed out to me. so i am talking to your representatives since then early morning xx / xx / xxxx to put a stop payment on this check so that no xxxx misuse it and i dont lose my money. i spoke to different representative, xxxx at xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx time on xxxx xxxx. and he told me they will contact the other department regarding this and they ll send me a letter to confirm this discussion. but i dont receive any letter thereafter. then next supervisor named xxxx says the same thing but gives me a case no instead which is xxxx. then next supervisor named xxxx, he said he has sent the request to put stop payment on check and it ll take xxxx business days. i spoke to him today at around xxxx xxxx xxxx time. so please put a stop payment on this check so that no one can misuse the check to get my money since i am not in the country. also i never gave me the consent to mail out a check to me in the first place. i am facing a lot of mental harassment and financial harassment on this account as i never gave my consent to mail out a check for the credit balance. its regarding my south west credit card ending in xxxx i am a chase customer since 2019. please resolve it at the earliest and give me my money back. total amount xxxx $ with regards, xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9965927004814148
}
