Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9155649,
  "complaint_id": "9155649",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I was going through my XXXX account and say the advert about how to make extra income, I clicked and declared interest. I got a call from a man, not sure the name again. Am not sure the business name, they told me WEB support team, but their bill show XXXX XXXX XXXX ''. On XX/XX/XXXX, he told of of how they will help be build an online business and will help me do it without spending my own money, since I wanted extra income to support my home, He persuaded to open a credit card account with American Express who will sponsor the entire business without me putting a dime of my own money. He opened the credit line for me and told me the cost of the website will be cost {$8000.00} and they will host and do everything for me and make sure it will be running and see to it generating income for me. The advert on the XXXX says \" start your online business with only {$25.00}. He persuaded, convincing that {$8000.00} is nothing compared to the benefit I will get in short time. After I agreed opened the line of credit, he set me up with someone for training. The training started but was frustrating because I was not understanding anything, the training, the trainer was not really good at what she was trying to teach, I tried to call the contact person they give me, you get the customer service they will connect you, but it goes into voicemail and there will be no callback after you leave a message for callback. Before then they connected me with another agent that will handle the advertising, '' TXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX'. The person called and stated they are having a promotion, that it will cost {$18000.00} for them to make sure the business appears in every social media handle XXXX, XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, etc. I was shocked, because I taught the {$8000.00}, I paid was for everything as the first person claimed that {$8000.00} is a very good deal for someone to have a business. and I taught that was it. The second person talking about the advertising, stated that if i don't do the advertising that the business will not function, that it will be a wasted effort having a website without projecting it out there. I was stuck, I told him that I didn't have that kind of money, he later agreed to reduce it to {$15000.00}. I had to XXXX the credit card they opened for me which has about {$20000.00} credit limit. I used the American Express to pay {$9000.00} and my XXXX to pay the remain {$6000.00}. Before all these they firs connected me to a drop shipper called XXXX, they said I can be making little money while they complete the website. XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX contacted me and charged {$500.00} with the same American Express card to pay. They had showed me how to connect their platform to XXXX and list some of their products on XXXX. The listed items prices where 3 times what XXXX sells the same kind of product. I have had some shoppers send messages on XXXX, calling me thief because of the high prices of the listing. It got to a point I was so embarrassed that I had to delete the listings to stop negative comments about the high prices. After they finished with the website, they called and showed me the website and persuade that I sign immediately that it is going to go life. I signed the emailed documents so they can make it go life. They then assigned another training that will teach me about suppliers. This second trainer was the worst. She barely knows the subject and will answer any question clearly. she only has about 10mins to go through what she has. It was on one of the session that I got frustrated and dissatisfied in the whole thing, I call to complain my issues you never get the suppose assigned account manager on the phone and he will not return calls. I told the instructor that am no longer interested to continue. she told me to use the websupportcancel.ctr to cancel. I did cancel and contacted American Express and requested for a refund. They promised to help. I few days they refunded the money. Before then, because of the high interest they charged at one point about {$540.00} in one billing cycle I was shocked. I had to ask for a loan from XXXX to pay off the account, about {$16000.00}. to stop his interest before I started the dispute. I sent all my explanation to the credit card company. they refunded and I used the money to pay back the loan. When I started the dispute the Web support then called me and promised to help me but to stop the dispute and that if I don't, they will fight back and they will get back the money and will not help me again. I contacted American Express to let them know what they said. The representative advised that I block them that they already reversed the money and closed the case. I was not convinced of their promise to help me now. It was few days ago that I saw that they reversed all the money back. I was upset. It all seems that the Credit card company align with these online company to defraud me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "190XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Confusing or misleading advertising about the credit card",
  "text": "I was going through my XXXX account and say the advert about how to make extra income, I clicked and declared interest. I got a call from a man, not sure the name again. Am not sure the business name, they told me WEB support team, but their bill show XXXX XXXX XXXX ''. On XX/XX/XXXX, he told of of how they will help be build an online business and will help me do it without spending my own money, since I wanted extra income to support my home, He persuaded to open a credit card account with American Express who will sponsor the entire business without me putting a dime of my own money. He opened the credit line for me and told me the cost of the website will be cost {$8000.00} and they will host and do everything for me and make sure it will be running and see to it generating income for me. The advert on the XXXX says \" start your online business with only {$25.00}. He persuaded, convincing that {$8000.00} is nothing compared to the benefit I will get in short time. After I agreed opened the line of credit, he set me up with someone for training. The training started but was frustrating because I was not understanding anything, the training, the trainer was not really good at what she was trying to teach, I tried to call the contact person they give me, you get the customer service they will connect you, but it goes into voicemail and there will be no callback after you leave a message for callback. Before then they connected me with another agent that will handle the advertising, '' TXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX'. The person called and stated they are having a promotion, that it will cost {$18000.00} for them to make sure the business appears in every social media handle XXXX, XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, etc. I was shocked, because I taught the {$8000.00}, I paid was for everything as the first person claimed that {$8000.00} is a very good deal for someone to have a business. and I taught that was it. The second person talking about the advertising, stated that if i don't do the advertising that the business will not function, that it will be a wasted effort having a website without projecting it out there. I was stuck, I told him that I didn't have that kind of money, he later agreed to reduce it to {$15000.00}. I had to XXXX the credit card they opened for me which has about {$20000.00} credit limit. I used the American Express to pay {$9000.00} and my XXXX to pay the remain {$6000.00}. Before all these they firs connected me to a drop shipper called XXXX, they said I can be making little money while they complete the website. XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX contacted me and charged {$500.00} with the same American Express card to pay. They had showed me how to connect their platform to XXXX and list some of their products on XXXX. The listed items prices where 3 times what XXXX sells the same kind of product. I have had some shoppers send messages on XXXX, calling me thief because of the high prices of the listing. It got to a point I was so embarrassed that I had to delete the listings to stop negative comments about the high prices. After they finished with the website, they called and showed me the website and persuade that I sign immediately that it is going to go life. I signed the emailed documents so they can make it go life. They then assigned another training that will teach me about suppliers. This second trainer was the worst. She barely knows the subject and will answer any question clearly. she only has about 10mins to go through what she has. It was on one of the session that I got frustrated and dissatisfied in the whole thing, I call to complain my issues you never get the suppose assigned account manager on the phone and he will not return calls. I told the instructor that am no longer interested to continue. she told me to use the websupportcancel.ctr to cancel. I did cancel and contacted American Express and requested for a refund. They promised to help. I few days they refunded the money. Before then, because of the high interest they charged at one point about {$540.00} in one billing cycle I was shocked. I had to ask for a loan from XXXX to pay off the account, about {$16000.00}. to stop his interest before I started the dispute. I sent all my explanation to the credit card company. they refunded and I used the money to pay back the loan. When I started the dispute the Web support then called me and promised to help me but to stop the dispute and that if I don't, they will fight back and they will get back the money and will not help me again. I contacted American Express to let them know what they said. The representative advised that I block them that they already reversed the money and closed the case. I was not convinced of their promise to help me now. It was few days ago that I saw that they reversed all the money back. I was upset. It all seems that the Credit card company align with these online company to defraud me."
}

Chunk:
to help me but to stop the dispute and that if i don't, they will fight back and they will get back the money and will not help me again. i contacted american express to let them know what they said. the representative advised that i block them that they already reversed the money and closed the case. i was not convinced of their promise to help me now. it was few days ago that i saw that they reversed all the money back. i was upset. it all seems that the credit card company align with these online company to defraud me.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992600083351135
}
