Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9142452,
  "complaint_id": "9142452",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I mailed my payment of { {$3000.00} } to American Express on XX/XX/year> XXXX to XXXX  XXXX XXXX and they have failed to apply the payment to my business gold and platinum account. I also included instructions for the CFO to apply the principals balance to the principals account each cycle for set off. In addition, I provided my notarized Power of Attorney, granting me the capacity to act as the agent on behalf of the principals account. They did not honor my financial instrument/conditional payment. For starters, you stated in your correspondence, You are bound by the Cardmember Agreement and must make all payments on time. Per the Cardmember Agreement, To pay by a certain date means to send your payment so that we receive it and credit it to your Account by that date. Let the record show that I am in full compliance with the Cardmember Agreement, as I did send American Express and XXXX  XXXX XXXX my payments via mail utilizing a legal tender. It is now XXXX  XXXX XXXX and American Express that is in dishonor and breach of contract by not applying my payment. According to the How to make payments section of the Cardmember Agreement a single negotiable instrument clearable through the U.S. banking system is binding by and well within my rights of this contract. In addition it is also stated that, When making a payment by mail : write your Account number on your check or negotiable instrument and include the payment coupon. I would like to emphasize the phrase or negotiable instrument, as that is the tender I originally sent to both XXXX  XXXX XXXX and American Express. Furthermore the Cardmember Agreement states, If your payment meets the above requirements, we will credit it to your Account as of the day we receive it, as long as we receive it by the time disclosed in your billing statement. I would like for American Express to provide a written explanation of the requirement that was unmet and interfered with applying my payment. With all of that being said, I am completely confused as to why your correspondence is informing me of the Cardmember Agreement, when I have done nothing outside of my rights of the agreement, nor did I inquire about the Cardmember Agreement. When it is in fact, American Express who has violated their own Cardmember Agreement. Fortunately, I am willing to give American Express and XXXX XXXX XXXX the opportunity to cure this matter by following my original instructions both enclosed and outlined below. I would also like all negative remarks and inquiries from XXXX  XXXX XXXX removed. This is my first attempt in notifying American Express and XXXX  XXXX XXXX that they are in dishonor of the instrument that I previously enclosed ( U.C.C. 3-503 Notice of Dishonor ) and requested to be returned if not accepted, which did not happen. This also acts as a U.C.C. 3-307 Notice of Breach of Fiduciary Duty.. American Express has denied to increase my credit limit multiple times during the 10 years Ive been a cardholder. Both of these are poor attempts in trying to negotiate and/or offer me something in lieu of my original and lawful requests, which I will not accept. XXXX  XXXX XXXX and American Express is breaching their contract ( Federal Reserve Act Section 16 & USC ) as a FDIC member by not depositing my financial instrument.This has placed me in a compromising position of having to risk adverse action of late payments or suspension of service, if I do not abide by the payment option they prefer, which is completely unlawful and violates the following United States Codes : laws ( 12 C.F.R. 229.21 - Civil liability and U.C.C. 3-307,103, and 4-106 ). \n\n\n\n\n\nwill not stand for the discriminatory manner in which I was treated and seek compensation for it. In summary, the Company engaged in securities fraud, repeated discriminatory practices, gross negligence resulting in material loss for my company and my personal affairs, and defaulted on my account without proper forewarning or disclosure. I am seeking compensation in cash, an open end credit plan ( no preset limit ) per 15 USC 1602 ( j ), the CUSIP numbers generated from ALL securities that the company has been creating, transferring, and trading in connection with my signature and social security number, and answers as to why they have treated me so poorly when I have been doing business with them for years now. For full details of what I requested of them directly please see the attached correspondences and notices. Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33611",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't increase or decrease your credit limit",
  "text": "I mailed my payment of { {$3000.00} } to American Express on XX/XX/year> XXXX to XXXX  XXXX XXXX and they have failed to apply the payment to my business gold and platinum account. I also included instructions for the CFO to apply the principals balance to the principals account each cycle for set off. In addition, I provided my notarized Power of Attorney, granting me the capacity to act as the agent on behalf of the principals account. They did not honor my financial instrument/conditional payment. For starters, you stated in your correspondence, You are bound by the Cardmember Agreement and must make all payments on time. Per the Cardmember Agreement, To pay by a certain date means to send your payment so that we receive it and credit it to your Account by that date. Let the record show that I am in full compliance with the Cardmember Agreement, as I did send American Express and XXXX  XXXX XXXX my payments via mail utilizing a legal tender. It is now XXXX  XXXX XXXX and American Express that is in dishonor and breach of contract by not applying my payment. According to the How to make payments section of the Cardmember Agreement a single negotiable instrument clearable through the U.S. banking system is binding by and well within my rights of this contract. In addition it is also stated that, When making a payment by mail : write your Account number on your check or negotiable instrument and include the payment coupon. I would like to emphasize the phrase or negotiable instrument, as that is the tender I originally sent to both XXXX  XXXX XXXX and American Express. Furthermore the Cardmember Agreement states, If your payment meets the above requirements, we will credit it to your Account as of the day we receive it, as long as we receive it by the time disclosed in your billing statement. I would like for American Express to provide a written explanation of the requirement that was unmet and interfered with applying my payment. With all of that being said, I am completely confused as to why your correspondence is informing me of the Cardmember Agreement, when I have done nothing outside of my rights of the agreement, nor did I inquire about the Cardmember Agreement. When it is in fact, American Express who has violated their own Cardmember Agreement. Fortunately, I am willing to give American Express and XXXX XXXX XXXX the opportunity to cure this matter by following my original instructions both enclosed and outlined below. I would also like all negative remarks and inquiries from XXXX  XXXX XXXX removed. This is my first attempt in notifying American Express and XXXX  XXXX XXXX that they are in dishonor of the instrument that I previously enclosed ( U.C.C. 3-503 Notice of Dishonor ) and requested to be returned if not accepted, which did not happen. This also acts as a U.C.C. 3-307 Notice of Breach of Fiduciary Duty.. American Express has denied to increase my credit limit multiple times during the 10 years Ive been a cardholder. Both of these are poor attempts in trying to negotiate and/or offer me something in lieu of my original and lawful requests, which I will not accept. XXXX  XXXX XXXX and American Express is breaching their contract ( Federal Reserve Act Section 16 & USC ) as a FDIC member by not depositing my financial instrument.This has placed me in a compromising position of having to risk adverse action of late payments or suspension of service, if I do not abide by the payment option they prefer, which is completely unlawful and violates the following United States Codes : laws ( 12 C.F.R. 229.21 - Civil liability and U.C.C. 3-307,103, and 4-106 ). \n\n\n\n\n\nwill not stand for the discriminatory manner in which I was treated and seek compensation for it. In summary, the Company engaged in securities fraud, repeated discriminatory practices, gross negligence resulting in material loss for my company and my personal affairs, and defaulted on my account without proper forewarning or disclosure. I am seeking compensation in cash, an open end credit plan ( no preset limit ) per 15 USC 1602 ( j ), the CUSIP numbers generated from ALL securities that the company has been creating, transferring, and trading in connection with my signature and social security number, and answers as to why they have treated me so poorly when I have been doing business with them for years now. For full details of what I requested of them directly please see the attached correspondences and notices. Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter."
}

Chunk:
this matter by following my original instructions both enclosed and outlined below. i would also like all negative remarks and inquiries from xxxx xxxx xxxx removed. this is my first attempt in notifying american express and xxxx xxxx xxxx that they are in dishonor of the instrument that i previously enclosed ( u. c. c. 3 - 503 notice of dishonor ) and requested to be returned if not accepted, which did not happen. this also acts as a u. c. c. 3 - 307 notice of breach of fiduciary duty.. american express has denied to increase my credit limit multiple times during the 10 years ive been a cardholder. both of these are poor attempts in trying to negotiate and / or offer me something in lieu of my original and lawful requests, which i will not accept. xxxx xxxx xxxx and american express is breaching their contract ( federal reserve act section 16 & usc ) as a fdic member by not depositing my financial instrument. this has placed me in a compromising position of having to risk adverse action of late payments or suspension of service, if i do not abide by the payment option they prefer, which is completely unlawful and violates the following united states codes : laws ( 12 c. f. r. 229. 21 - civil liability and u. c. c. 3 - 307, 103, and 4 - 106 ). will not stand for the discriminatory manner in which i was treated and seek compensation for it. in summary, the company engaged in securities fraud, repeated discriminatory practices, gross negligence resulting in material loss for my company and my personal affairs, and defaulted on my account without proper forewarning or disclosure. i am seeking compensation in cash, an open end credit plan ( no preset limit ) per 15 usc 1602 ( j ), the cusip numbers generated from all securities that the company has been creating, transferring, and trading in connection with my signature and social security number, and answers as to why they have treated me so poorly when i have been doing business with them for years now. for full details of what i requested of them directly please see the attached correspondences and notices. thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991644620895386
}
