Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9359500,
  "complaint_id": "9359500",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/2024, I called a Citibank services for Home Depot and soke with representative and asked him have they received my settlement and payment for an old account. He stated, \" yes '' and I asked him will Citibank report any of this to the credit agencies ( XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX ). I advised him that Citibank is still reporting to the credit agencies that I am delinquent, and I am still past due on my account. I asked the representative for a payoff or settlement letter and report my information to the credit agencies. I also advised the representative that the credit agencies advised me that your company ( Citibank/Home Depot ) is still reporting wrongful information to the credit agency. I requested my information be corrected. He advised me that he would do something is 60 days. I asked him if he could email me a payoff letter and he advised no, and I would have to just wait on that too. I also called Home Depot representatives and they all passed me off to Citibank because they refused to look into my case or provide me with information about my account. In all I called Home Depot and Citibank approximately or close to 12 times just to get help. This is unacceptable.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Incorrect information on your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "32308",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Account status incorrect",
  "text": "On XX/XX/2024, I called a Citibank services for Home Depot and soke with representative and asked him have they received my settlement and payment for an old account. He stated, \" yes '' and I asked him will Citibank report any of this to the credit agencies ( XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX ). I advised him that Citibank is still reporting to the credit agencies that I am delinquent, and I am still past due on my account. I asked the representative for a payoff or settlement letter and report my information to the credit agencies. I also advised the representative that the credit agencies advised me that your company ( Citibank/Home Depot ) is still reporting wrongful information to the credit agency. I requested my information be corrected. He advised me that he would do something is 60 days. I asked him if he could email me a payoff letter and he advised no, and I would have to just wait on that too. I also called Home Depot representatives and they all passed me off to Citibank because they refused to look into my case or provide me with information about my account. In all I called Home Depot and Citibank approximately or close to 12 times just to get help. This is unacceptable."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / 2024, i called a citibank services for home depot and soke with representative and asked him have they received my settlement and payment for an old account. he stated, " yes'' and i asked him will citibank report any of this to the credit agencies ( xxxx, xxxx, and xxxx ). i advised him that citibank is still reporting to the credit agencies that i am delinquent, and i am still past due on my account. i asked the representative for a payoff or settlement letter and report my information to the credit agencies. i also advised the representative that the credit agencies advised me that your company ( citibank / home depot ) is still reporting wrongful information to the credit agency. i requested my information be corrected. he advised me that he would do something is 60 days. i asked him if he could email me a payoff letter and he advised no, and i would have to just wait on that too. i also called home depot representatives and they all passed me off to citibank because they refused to look into my case or provide me with information about my account. in all i called home depot and citibank approximately or close to 12 times just to get help. this is unacceptable.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996552467346191
}
