Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9037021,
  "complaint_id": "9037021",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "This issue concerns a XXXX XXXX XXXX credit card issued by JPMorganChase bank. At the outset, I want to note that my wife and I have a long history with the bank where we have a checking account, four savings accounts, an investment account, and two other credit cards issued by JPMorganChase. Information concerning all of these accounts is available to me and my wife, individually, via our individual logins to the bank 's online portal. We use the portal for making deposits, making payments, fund transfers, monitoring accounts, and so forth. \n\nWhen we applied for the card, I submitted the application and included my wife as an \" Authorized User. '' After receiving the card and checking the online portal, we discovered that information concerning the XXXX XXXX card was visible to me via my access to the online portal, but not visible to my wife via her access to the portal. This is consequential because she handles most of our family bookkeeping, including monitoring and paying credit card bills. \n\nAfter discovering this discrepancy, I contacted JPMorganChase and eventually ( after being routed through a couple of agents, a supervisor, and someone in their tech support ) I learned that -- unbeknownst to me -- when I applied for and received the card : 1 ) the bank classified me as a \" primary '' card holder ; 2 ) because my wife is not a \" primary '' card holder, she can not have her own access to the online portal for that card to monitor transactions, make payments, etc. ; 3 ) wife can not be added as a second \" primary '' card holder ; and 4 ) the only way my wife can gain access to the online portal for the card is for me to share my login information ( and because I use dual-factor authentication when I log in, that as well ).",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "480XX",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "This issue concerns a XXXX XXXX XXXX credit card issued by JPMorganChase bank. At the outset, I want to note that my wife and I have a long history with the bank where we have a checking account, four savings accounts, an investment account, and two other credit cards issued by JPMorganChase. Information concerning all of these accounts is available to me and my wife, individually, via our individual logins to the bank 's online portal. We use the portal for making deposits, making payments, fund transfers, monitoring accounts, and so forth. \n\nWhen we applied for the card, I submitted the application and included my wife as an \" Authorized User. '' After receiving the card and checking the online portal, we discovered that information concerning the XXXX XXXX card was visible to me via my access to the online portal, but not visible to my wife via her access to the portal. This is consequential because she handles most of our family bookkeeping, including monitoring and paying credit card bills. \n\nAfter discovering this discrepancy, I contacted JPMorganChase and eventually ( after being routed through a couple of agents, a supervisor, and someone in their tech support ) I learned that -- unbeknownst to me -- when I applied for and received the card : 1 ) the bank classified me as a \" primary '' card holder ; 2 ) because my wife is not a \" primary '' card holder, she can not have her own access to the online portal for that card to monitor transactions, make payments, etc. ; 3 ) wife can not be added as a second \" primary '' card holder ; and 4 ) the only way my wife can gain access to the online portal for the card is for me to share my login information ( and because I use dual-factor authentication when I log in, that as well )."
}

Chunk:
this issue concerns a xxxx xxxx xxxx credit card issued by jpmorganchase bank. at the outset, i want to note that my wife and i have a long history with the bank where we have a checking account, four savings accounts, an investment account, and two other credit cards issued by jpmorganchase. information concerning all of these accounts is available to me and my wife, individually, via our individual logins to the bank's online portal. we use the portal for making deposits, making payments, fund transfers, monitoring accounts, and so forth. when we applied for the card, i submitted the application and included my wife as an " authorized user.'' after receiving the card and checking the online portal, we discovered that information concerning the xxxx xxxx card was visible to me via my access to the online portal, but not visible to my wife via her access to the portal. this is consequential because she handles most of our family bookkeeping, including monitoring and paying credit card bills. after discovering this discrepancy, i contacted jpmorganchase and eventually ( after being routed through a couple of agents, a supervisor, and someone in their tech support ) i learned that - - unbeknownst to me - - when i applied for and received the card : 1 ) the bank classified me as a " primary'' card holder ; 2 ) because my wife is not a " primary'' card holder, she can not have her own access to the online portal for that card to monitor transactions, make payments, etc. ; 3 ) wife can not be added as a second " primary'' card holder ; and 4 ) the only way my wife can gain access to the online portal for the card is for me to share my login information ( and because i use dual - factor authentication when i log in, that as well ).

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9978538155555725
}
