Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9149807,
  "complaint_id": "9149807",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I utilize credit karma and credit karma offered me a karma guarantee on a credit card that they were so sure that XXXX credit card company would approve my {$700.00} credit limit credit card and if i was denied i would get {$50.00} from credit karma. I applied for XXXX on XX/XX/2024 when my credit was pulled shortly after i received an email asking for additional information to approve my credit card which i found odd. i did comply with the request by XXXX XXXX XXXX and followed all the instructions and faxed in my information. in the email it outlines to wait a period of time for processing and i gave them double the amount of time needed and i heard nothing from them. under the fair credit reporting act i should be notified of a decision and receive that notification in the same means which in this case email they requested the information or by letter. ive received nothing from anyone. XXXX days ago i reached out to credit karma and you cant get an answer via support chat they email you and i cant get an answer calling and even when i spoke to a supervisor.. he wasnt trained and hasnt done what he said he was going to do telling me he was tied up. also im chat they said they were going to escalate the matter and i heard nothing in over XXXX hours and no one i was disconnected and the next person was just playing games pretending like they couldnt find my account but sent me all my account details etc etc. its a bunch of nonsense! i called them but they cant help over the phone. They then sent me an email stating i supposedly didnt complete my application which is complete XXXX. ive applied for other credit cards and get an instant decision from the same means so this is XXXX! i sent a random bank i dont know all my private info to apply for a credit card and since ive been trolled and spammed by them repeatedly offering me {$300.00} more then the orginal offer and to apply again to once again ding my credit. this is completely unethical, unprofessional and unnaceptable. there needs to be a decision and this didnt fill out my application XXXX when you apply through the app directly is nonesense especially after i even sent the additional information requested to approve or deny me, they just left it in limbo and blaming me to not follow through with their guarantee and i either want my credit or my {$50.00}",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "040XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Credit Karma, LLC",
  "date_received": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "ME",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "I utilize credit karma and credit karma offered me a karma guarantee on a credit card that they were so sure that XXXX credit card company would approve my {$700.00} credit limit credit card and if i was denied i would get {$50.00} from credit karma. I applied for XXXX on XX/XX/2024 when my credit was pulled shortly after i received an email asking for additional information to approve my credit card which i found odd. i did comply with the request by XXXX XXXX XXXX and followed all the instructions and faxed in my information. in the email it outlines to wait a period of time for processing and i gave them double the amount of time needed and i heard nothing from them. under the fair credit reporting act i should be notified of a decision and receive that notification in the same means which in this case email they requested the information or by letter. ive received nothing from anyone. XXXX days ago i reached out to credit karma and you cant get an answer via support chat they email you and i cant get an answer calling and even when i spoke to a supervisor.. he wasnt trained and hasnt done what he said he was going to do telling me he was tied up. also im chat they said they were going to escalate the matter and i heard nothing in over XXXX hours and no one i was disconnected and the next person was just playing games pretending like they couldnt find my account but sent me all my account details etc etc. its a bunch of nonsense! i called them but they cant help over the phone. They then sent me an email stating i supposedly didnt complete my application which is complete XXXX. ive applied for other credit cards and get an instant decision from the same means so this is XXXX! i sent a random bank i dont know all my private info to apply for a credit card and since ive been trolled and spammed by them repeatedly offering me {$300.00} more then the orginal offer and to apply again to once again ding my credit. this is completely unethical, unprofessional and unnaceptable. there needs to be a decision and this didnt fill out my application XXXX when you apply through the app directly is nonesense especially after i even sent the additional information requested to approve or deny me, they just left it in limbo and blaming me to not follow through with their guarantee and i either want my credit or my {$50.00}"
}

Chunk:
i utilize credit karma and credit karma offered me a karma guarantee on a credit card that they were so sure that xxxx credit card company would approve my { $ 700. 00 } credit limit credit card and if i was denied i would get { $ 50. 00 } from credit karma. i applied for xxxx on xx / xx / 2024 when my credit was pulled shortly after i received an email asking for additional information to approve my credit card which i found odd. i did comply with the request by xxxx xxxx xxxx and followed all the instructions and faxed in my information. in the email it outlines to wait a period of time for processing and i gave them double the amount of time needed and i heard nothing from them. under the fair credit reporting act i should be notified of a decision and receive that notification in the same means which in this case email they requested the information or by letter. ive received nothing from anyone. xxxx days ago i reached out to credit karma and you cant get an answer via support chat they email you and i cant get an answer calling and even when i spoke to a supervisor.. he wasnt trained and hasnt done what he said he was going to do telling me he was tied up. also im chat they said they were going to escalate the matter and i heard nothing in over xxxx hours and no one i was disconnected and the next person was just playing games pretending like they couldnt find my account but sent me all my account details etc etc. its a bunch of nonsense! i called them but they cant help over the phone. they then sent me an email stating i supposedly didnt complete my application which is complete xxxx. ive applied for other credit cards and get an instant decision from the same means so this is xxxx! i sent a random bank i dont know all my private info to apply for a credit card and since ive been trolled and spammed by them repeatedly offering me { $ 300. 00 } more then the orginal offer and to apply again to once again ding my credit. this is completely unethical, unprofessional and unnaceptable. there needs to be a decision and this didnt fill out my application xxxx when you apply through the app directly is nonesense especially after i even sent the additional information requested to approve or deny me, they just left it in limbo and blaming me to not follow through with their guarantee and i either want my credit

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994890689849854
}
