Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9659843,
  "complaint_id": "9659843",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/2024, I received a message from Citi regarding a potential fraudulent charge. The charge was for charging an electric vehicle some place outside of XXXX where I live. I do not own an EV nor has there ever been an EV charge on my account. I have plenty of gas station charges, however. I immediately called and confirmed that this was in fact a fraudulent charge. I closed the account, and they reissued another card and account number. \n\nFast forward, they reversed the credit they issued. I called on XX/XX/XXXX when I noticed this. They told me that the merchant sent in a receipt for the charge. The receipt is nothing more than a receipt. No signature. It is not sufficient evidence ( I am an XXXX ) to support I was there and made the charge. On the call, I explained that a receipt does not mean I made the purchase. They agreed and were supposed to give me credit. \n\nI just received my statement yesterday on XX/XX/XXXX. The credit has been reversed again! I talked with a few people at Citi yesterday and was told that because I did not respond to a letter they sent by XX/XX/XXXX, it was my fault. I called them on XX/XX/XXXX which they have noted in the system. I explained again that this charge should never have been on my account since they knew it was fraudulent even before I did. I called immediately to confirm it was fraudulent. They are now saying they will resubmit the credit again and it will take XXXX  days to receive. This is outrageous! I have spent XXXX hours on this already, and they are hoping to wear me down or I will forget. This is not ethical in any way. \n\nPLEASE investigate Citi. I feel certain this is probably more widespread than me given the reponses from employees. THis is not a mistake. This is their practice now. You could ask for all their fraudulent transaction flags, the list of customers that called to confirm the charges were fraudulent, and then see that they continued to charge the customer hoping they would not notice. ( I am an XXXX. ) They are scamming consumers!!! And it's not right. I have never had an issue like this with a fraudulent charge. Typically, if the company knows it is fraudulent, the charge never hits the account. Also, please encourage consumers to check their statements very carefully.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "752XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "On XX/XX/2024, I received a message from Citi regarding a potential fraudulent charge. The charge was for charging an electric vehicle some place outside of XXXX where I live. I do not own an EV nor has there ever been an EV charge on my account. I have plenty of gas station charges, however. I immediately called and confirmed that this was in fact a fraudulent charge. I closed the account, and they reissued another card and account number. \n\nFast forward, they reversed the credit they issued. I called on XX/XX/XXXX when I noticed this. They told me that the merchant sent in a receipt for the charge. The receipt is nothing more than a receipt. No signature. It is not sufficient evidence ( I am an XXXX ) to support I was there and made the charge. On the call, I explained that a receipt does not mean I made the purchase. They agreed and were supposed to give me credit. \n\nI just received my statement yesterday on XX/XX/XXXX. The credit has been reversed again! I talked with a few people at Citi yesterday and was told that because I did not respond to a letter they sent by XX/XX/XXXX, it was my fault. I called them on XX/XX/XXXX which they have noted in the system. I explained again that this charge should never have been on my account since they knew it was fraudulent even before I did. I called immediately to confirm it was fraudulent. They are now saying they will resubmit the credit again and it will take XXXX  days to receive. This is outrageous! I have spent XXXX hours on this already, and they are hoping to wear me down or I will forget. This is not ethical in any way. \n\nPLEASE investigate Citi. I feel certain this is probably more widespread than me given the reponses from employees. THis is not a mistake. This is their practice now. You could ask for all their fraudulent transaction flags, the list of customers that called to confirm the charges were fraudulent, and then see that they continued to charge the customer hoping they would not notice. ( I am an XXXX. ) They are scamming consumers!!! And it's not right. I have never had an issue like this with a fraudulent charge. Typically, if the company knows it is fraudulent, the charge never hits the account. Also, please encourage consumers to check their statements very carefully."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / 2024, i received a message from citi regarding a potential fraudulent charge. the charge was for charging an electric vehicle some place outside of xxxx where i live. i do not own an ev nor has there ever been an ev charge on my account. i have plenty of gas station charges, however. i immediately called and confirmed that this was in fact a fraudulent charge. i closed the account, and they reissued another card and account number. fast forward, they reversed the credit they issued. i called on xx / xx / xxxx when i noticed this. they told me that the merchant sent in a receipt for the charge. the receipt is nothing more than a receipt. no signature. it is not sufficient evidence ( i am an xxxx ) to support i was there and made the charge. on the call, i explained that a receipt does not mean i made the purchase. they agreed and were supposed to give me credit. i just received my statement yesterday on xx / xx / xxxx. the credit has been reversed again! i talked with a few people at citi yesterday and was told that because i did not respond to a letter they sent by xx / xx / xxxx, it was my fault. i called them on xx / xx / xxxx which they have noted in the system. i explained again that this charge should never have been on my account since they knew it was fraudulent even before i did. i called immediately to confirm it was fraudulent. they are now saying they will resubmit the credit again and it will take xxxx days to receive. this is outrageous! i have spent xxxx hours on this already, and they are hoping to wear me down or i will forget. this is not ethical in any way. please investigate citi. i feel certain this is probably more widespread than me given the reponses from employees. this is not a mistake. this is their practice now. you could ask for all their fraudulent transaction flags, the list of customers that called to confirm the charges were fraudulent, and then see that they continued to charge the customer hoping they would not notice. ( i am an xxxx. ) they are scamming consumers!!! and it's not right. i have never had an issue like this with a fraudulent charge. typically, if the company knows it is fraudulent, the charge never hits the account. also, please encourage consumers to check their statements very carefully.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993269443511963
}
