Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9205994,
  "complaint_id": "9205994",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On a recent date, I attempted to make a payment of {$17.00} USD for a XXXX subscription in XXXX using my American Express card. Despite correctly entering the required SafeKey code, which is meant to verify my identity and authorize the transaction, the charge was declined. This was perplexing and inconvenient, especially considering that just the day before, I had successfully completed a much larger transaction of {$1000.00} USD with the same card and security procedure for a XXXX cruise operator, which was approved without issue. \n\nUpon contacting American Express customer service through their LiveChat feature to understand why the {$17.00} transaction was declined, I was given generic responses about fraud concerns but no specific explanation as to why the SafeKey verification failed to prevent this. I expressed my dissatisfaction and requested some form of compensation for the trouble caused, such as reward points. Instead of addressing my concerns, I was repeatedly advised to contact their identity protection team. \n\nThe interaction did not resolve my concerns, nor did it offer any form of compensation. The service representatives suggested that I make a phone call to discuss further, which was not preferable as I sought assistance through their online chat for immediate resolution. The lack of direct responses and the suggestion to simply call another team left me feeling dismissed and without a clear understanding of why my transaction was declined despite taking all security measures provided by American Express. \n\nAs the conversation ended, I was still without a satisfactory explanation or any form of compensation. Frustrated with the lack of resolution, I decided to escalate the matter by filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to seek a clearer resolution and to highlight the inadequate customer service and transaction handling processes encountered.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "019XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "On a recent date, I attempted to make a payment of {$17.00} USD for a XXXX subscription in XXXX using my American Express card. Despite correctly entering the required SafeKey code, which is meant to verify my identity and authorize the transaction, the charge was declined. This was perplexing and inconvenient, especially considering that just the day before, I had successfully completed a much larger transaction of {$1000.00} USD with the same card and security procedure for a XXXX cruise operator, which was approved without issue. \n\nUpon contacting American Express customer service through their LiveChat feature to understand why the {$17.00} transaction was declined, I was given generic responses about fraud concerns but no specific explanation as to why the SafeKey verification failed to prevent this. I expressed my dissatisfaction and requested some form of compensation for the trouble caused, such as reward points. Instead of addressing my concerns, I was repeatedly advised to contact their identity protection team. \n\nThe interaction did not resolve my concerns, nor did it offer any form of compensation. The service representatives suggested that I make a phone call to discuss further, which was not preferable as I sought assistance through their online chat for immediate resolution. The lack of direct responses and the suggestion to simply call another team left me feeling dismissed and without a clear understanding of why my transaction was declined despite taking all security measures provided by American Express. \n\nAs the conversation ended, I was still without a satisfactory explanation or any form of compensation. Frustrated with the lack of resolution, I decided to escalate the matter by filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to seek a clearer resolution and to highlight the inadequate customer service and transaction handling processes encountered."
}

Chunk:
on a recent date, i attempted to make a payment of { $ 17. 00 } usd for a xxxx subscription in xxxx using my american express card. despite correctly entering the required safekey code, which is meant to verify my identity and authorize the transaction, the charge was declined. this was perplexing and inconvenient, especially considering that just the day before, i had successfully completed a much larger transaction of { $ 1000. 00 } usd with the same card and security procedure for a xxxx cruise operator, which was approved without issue. upon contacting american express customer service through their livechat feature to understand why the { $ 17. 00 } transaction was declined, i was given generic responses about fraud concerns but no specific explanation as to why the safekey verification failed to prevent this. i expressed my dissatisfaction and requested some form of compensation for the trouble caused, such as reward points. instead of addressing my concerns, i was repeatedly advised to contact their identity protection team. the interaction did not resolve my concerns, nor did it offer any form of compensation. the service representatives suggested that i make a phone call to discuss further, which was not preferable as i sought assistance through their online chat for immediate resolution. the lack of direct responses and the suggestion to simply call another team left me feeling dismissed and without a clear understanding of why my transaction was declined despite taking all security measures provided by american express. as the conversation ended, i was still without a satisfactory explanation or any form of compensation. frustrated with the lack of resolution, i decided to escalate the matter by filing a complaint with the consumer financial protection bureau to seek a clearer resolution and to highlight the inadequate customer service and transaction handling processes encountered.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9997891783714294
}
