Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9103653,
  "complaint_id": "9103653",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "So I think there is a bit of confusion here, so hopefully this will straighten everything out. My name is XXXX XXXX and on or about XX/XX/XXXX I ordered an XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX online for {$59.00} and to this day have NOT ... ... received anything whatsoever for my money. I've done a dispute through the the company that carries the card I used cash app, and they summarily denied my claim stating that no error had occurred and if I wanted to see the documentation they used to come to this conclusion I simply needed only ask, which I did, and was ignored several times so I started a dispute with the cfpb and because of trouble logging in missed the response and subsequent opportunity for rebuttal. Let us be clear about the situation so there are no mistakes or legal mumbo jumbo maneuvering on anybody 's part. I had to wait 4 to 8 weeks for shipment to be completed before a complaint could be Initiated with the company selling the product, so after the 8 weeks expired I reached out to the company to no avail. So I reached out to cash app because I can't reverse the charges, I don't work there, and my only hope of reviewing justice in this matter lies with them as no communication is possible through XXXX as previously stated. Cash app tells me it's too late to really do anything about it because it's been more than 60 days and I respond well yes it has been, because that's how long I had to wait for shipping to not occur before anybody on either side would even begin an investigation, so I can't beat a 69 day deadline when that's the earliest anybody will look into an 8 week shipping window. So the I have never ... ... NEVER received any more than a single sheet of paper stating that no error had occured in this matter, and therefore they ( cash app ) was denying my claim. I agree that no error has occurred as far as the transaction is concerned, I spent money that they therefore received and yes no error is present at THIS juncture, however having not to this day, XX/XX/XXXX ... yes a year and a half later... ..EVER received so much as a post card thanking me for my contribution to XXXX in the amount of {$59.00} because I HAVENT EVER RECEIVED ANYTHING AT ALL WHATSOEVER FROM THAT COMPANY and I want to know why there is no investigation into their business practices and fraudulent activity and why cash app seems to be under the very odd interpretation that me NOT... again let 's be clear here ... ..that me, XXXX XXXX has NEVER RECEIVED ANYTHING AT ALL WHATSOEVER FROM THAT COMPANY AND I DON'T KNOW WHY THIS IS SO HARD TO UNDERSTAND FOR WHAT SEEMS LIKE SOME PRETTY ASTUTE PEOPLE THERE AT CASH APP, who by the way see \" no error '' in their customers getting scammed completely and blatantly online. So there was no cancelling the card quick enough so as to mitigate loss through inaction by myself or me hindering cash apps ability to stop the fraud because this started not as stolen card or fraudulent activity, but as a legitimate purchase and has evolved over time ... ... XXXX XXXX, over the 60 day cutoff time, Into fraudulent activity. So let 's recap, I've never seen anything to show me that cash app had ever even contacted or attempted to contact XXXX for an explanation on why I was never mailed an ebike or given explanation why not, no communication whatsoever. I have still not ever to this day received anything whatsoever from this company XXXX. Now I appreciate the other times cash app has held true to their promise to refund fraudulent charges including the lim restore balance charges I previously thought were being ignored but were in fact credited to my account and for that I apologize and thank you again. This is not something I'm willing to let go because of the very simple fact that {$59.00} isn't that much in the grand scheme of things, but it is to a guy like me, especially whereas principles are involved, moreover the fact that I can't reverse the charges or even communicate with this company forces me to rely solely on cash apps ability and willingness to see this through to the end. So I sit back and patiently await a response not drawn up by a lawyer, but by an actual human being that works at cash app XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  Thank you.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "900XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Block, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "So I think there is a bit of confusion here, so hopefully this will straighten everything out. My name is XXXX XXXX and on or about XX/XX/XXXX I ordered an XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX online for {$59.00} and to this day have NOT ... ... received anything whatsoever for my money. I've done a dispute through the the company that carries the card I used cash app, and they summarily denied my claim stating that no error had occurred and if I wanted to see the documentation they used to come to this conclusion I simply needed only ask, which I did, and was ignored several times so I started a dispute with the cfpb and because of trouble logging in missed the response and subsequent opportunity for rebuttal. Let us be clear about the situation so there are no mistakes or legal mumbo jumbo maneuvering on anybody 's part. I had to wait 4 to 8 weeks for shipment to be completed before a complaint could be Initiated with the company selling the product, so after the 8 weeks expired I reached out to the company to no avail. So I reached out to cash app because I can't reverse the charges, I don't work there, and my only hope of reviewing justice in this matter lies with them as no communication is possible through XXXX as previously stated. Cash app tells me it's too late to really do anything about it because it's been more than 60 days and I respond well yes it has been, because that's how long I had to wait for shipping to not occur before anybody on either side would even begin an investigation, so I can't beat a 69 day deadline when that's the earliest anybody will look into an 8 week shipping window. So the I have never ... ... NEVER received any more than a single sheet of paper stating that no error had occured in this matter, and therefore they ( cash app ) was denying my claim. I agree that no error has occurred as far as the transaction is concerned, I spent money that they therefore received and yes no error is present at THIS juncture, however having not to this day, XX/XX/XXXX ... yes a year and a half later... ..EVER received so much as a post card thanking me for my contribution to XXXX in the amount of {$59.00} because I HAVENT EVER RECEIVED ANYTHING AT ALL WHATSOEVER FROM THAT COMPANY and I want to know why there is no investigation into their business practices and fraudulent activity and why cash app seems to be under the very odd interpretation that me NOT... again let 's be clear here ... ..that me, XXXX XXXX has NEVER RECEIVED ANYTHING AT ALL WHATSOEVER FROM THAT COMPANY AND I DON'T KNOW WHY THIS IS SO HARD TO UNDERSTAND FOR WHAT SEEMS LIKE SOME PRETTY ASTUTE PEOPLE THERE AT CASH APP, who by the way see \" no error '' in their customers getting scammed completely and blatantly online. So there was no cancelling the card quick enough so as to mitigate loss through inaction by myself or me hindering cash apps ability to stop the fraud because this started not as stolen card or fraudulent activity, but as a legitimate purchase and has evolved over time ... ... XXXX XXXX, over the 60 day cutoff time, Into fraudulent activity. So let 's recap, I've never seen anything to show me that cash app had ever even contacted or attempted to contact XXXX for an explanation on why I was never mailed an ebike or given explanation why not, no communication whatsoever. I have still not ever to this day received anything whatsoever from this company XXXX. Now I appreciate the other times cash app has held true to their promise to refund fraudulent charges including the lim restore balance charges I previously thought were being ignored but were in fact credited to my account and for that I apologize and thank you again. This is not something I'm willing to let go because of the very simple fact that {$59.00} isn't that much in the grand scheme of things, but it is to a guy like me, especially whereas principles are involved, moreover the fact that I can't reverse the charges or even communicate with this company forces me to rely solely on cash apps ability and willingness to see this through to the end. So I sit back and patiently await a response not drawn up by a lawyer, but by an actual human being that works at cash app XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  Thank you."
}

Chunk:
want to know why there is no investigation into their business practices and fraudulent activity and why cash app seems to be under the very odd interpretation that me not... again let's be clear here..... that me, xxxx xxxx has never received anything at all whatsoever from that company and i don't know why this is so hard to understand for what seems like some pretty astute people there at cash app, who by the way see " no error'' in their customers getting scammed completely and blatantly online. so there was no cancelling the card quick enough so as to mitigate loss through inaction by myself or me hindering cash apps ability to stop the fraud because this started not as stolen card or fraudulent activity, but as a legitimate purchase and has evolved over time...... xxxx xxxx, over the 60 day cutoff time, into fraudulent activity. so let's recap, i've never seen anything to show me that cash app had ever even contacted or attempted to contact xxxx for an explanation on why i was never mailed an ebike or given explanation why not, no communication whatsoever. i have still not ever to this day received anything whatsoever from this company xxxx. now i appreciate the other times cash app has held true to their promise to refund fraudulent charges including the lim restore balance charges i previously thought were being ignored but were in fact credited to my account and for that i apologize and thank you again. this is not something i'm willing to let go because of the very simple fact that { $ 59. 00 } isn't that much in the grand scheme of things, but it is to a guy like me, especially whereas principles are involved, moreover the fact that i can't reverse the charges or even communicate with this company forces me to rely solely on cash apps ability and willingness to see this through to the end. so i sit back and patiently await a response not drawn up by a lawyer, but by an actual human being that works at cash app xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx thank you.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9807518720626831
}
