Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9383547,
  "complaint_id": "9383547",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "hello I currently bank with bank of America and have been noticing charges that I or anyone has never made also there are transactions where there the purchase amount has been increased to reflect a different amount. when this occurs bank of America would lock me out of my account then due to \" fraud ''. there has been no complaints on my end of any fraud on my account for a while because when I do make a complaint Bank of America punishes me by putting unnecessary fraud blockages on my account. bank of America currently has my account on a fraud hold now for no apparent reason, every time they send me a fraud text message I respond clearing the fraudulent charge as a good charge. when logged into my account I can't view any of my credit card charges so I had to go to my credit card reward activity to view the current charges on my credit card that's when I found a charge that Bank of America had increased by {$1000.00} to reflect a different amount. Bank of America fraudulently went into my credit card account while they locked me out of my account and the ability to directly view my charges, then they started changing transactions on my account to show a different amount than what I purchased from these vendors. I took screenshots of these transactions and called Bank of America then they took what little access I had away. they have now locked me out of viewing my credit card transactions completely. I have verified myself multiple times with this bank and they are stating that I have to come into a financial center even though I have explained to them that I am out of the country. this is not the first time the bank has locked me out of my accounts while I was out of the country. I have requested of the bank to let me view my transactions because I need to see what I am paying interest on and they have refused. I have screenshot copies of these charges to proved support of this fraud by Bank of America. the files that I have uploaded show my credit card account before bank of America locked me out of my account for \" fraud '' purposes, the other images shows the transactions while Bank of America has my account locked.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "774XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "hello I currently bank with bank of America and have been noticing charges that I or anyone has never made also there are transactions where there the purchase amount has been increased to reflect a different amount. when this occurs bank of America would lock me out of my account then due to \" fraud ''. there has been no complaints on my end of any fraud on my account for a while because when I do make a complaint Bank of America punishes me by putting unnecessary fraud blockages on my account. bank of America currently has my account on a fraud hold now for no apparent reason, every time they send me a fraud text message I respond clearing the fraudulent charge as a good charge. when logged into my account I can't view any of my credit card charges so I had to go to my credit card reward activity to view the current charges on my credit card that's when I found a charge that Bank of America had increased by {$1000.00} to reflect a different amount. Bank of America fraudulently went into my credit card account while they locked me out of my account and the ability to directly view my charges, then they started changing transactions on my account to show a different amount than what I purchased from these vendors. I took screenshots of these transactions and called Bank of America then they took what little access I had away. they have now locked me out of viewing my credit card transactions completely. I have verified myself multiple times with this bank and they are stating that I have to come into a financial center even though I have explained to them that I am out of the country. this is not the first time the bank has locked me out of my accounts while I was out of the country. I have requested of the bank to let me view my transactions because I need to see what I am paying interest on and they have refused. I have screenshot copies of these charges to proved support of this fraud by Bank of America. the files that I have uploaded show my credit card account before bank of America locked me out of my account for \" fraud '' purposes, the other images shows the transactions while Bank of America has my account locked."
}

Chunk:
hello i currently bank with bank of america and have been noticing charges that i or anyone has never made also there are transactions where there the purchase amount has been increased to reflect a different amount. when this occurs bank of america would lock me out of my account then due to " fraud''. there has been no complaints on my end of any fraud on my account for a while because when i do make a complaint bank of america punishes me by putting unnecessary fraud blockages on my account. bank of america currently has my account on a fraud hold now for no apparent reason, every time they send me a fraud text message i respond clearing the fraudulent charge as a good charge. when logged into my account i can't view any of my credit card charges so i had to go to my credit card reward activity to view the current charges on my credit card that's when i found a charge that bank of america had increased by { $ 1000. 00 } to reflect a different amount. bank of america fraudulently went into my credit card account while they locked me out of my account and the ability to directly view my charges, then they started changing transactions on my account to show a different amount than what i purchased from these vendors. i took screenshots of these transactions and called bank of america then they took what little access i had away. they have now locked me out of viewing my credit card transactions completely. i have verified myself multiple times with this bank and they are stating that i have to come into a financial center even though i have explained to them that i am out of the country. this is not the first time the bank has locked me out of my accounts while i was out of the country. i have requested of the bank to let me view my transactions because i need to see what i am paying interest on and they have refused. i have screenshot copies of these charges to proved support of this fraud by bank of america. the files that i have uploaded show my credit card account before bank of america locked me out of my account for " fraud'' purposes, the other images shows the transactions while bank of america has my account locked.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9983580708503723
}
