Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9119175,
  "complaint_id": "9119175",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "In XXXX I received a notification that someone was trying to make a charge on my Truist XXXX Card. I immediately called the fraud department and started the process. I have called them many many times to get this resolved and all I can get is it will be taken off the next billing period. I have a letter from the Truist Bank stating that they will remove it but they never have. Now a collection agency is constantly calling and we explain we are waiting on the process. I called again last week and the fraud department said our time was up but there they would expedite it again. Still nothing and the now the credit card has been closed and the interest charge and lates fees are piling up. Those two fraudulent charges were the only ones on the card. My credo it impeccable but now I fear this is tarnishing it. This bank just keeps giving me the run around and I just dont know where to turn now. Even the branch bank cant help.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "29577",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "In progress",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "SC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "In XXXX I received a notification that someone was trying to make a charge on my Truist XXXX Card. I immediately called the fraud department and started the process. I have called them many many times to get this resolved and all I can get is it will be taken off the next billing period. I have a letter from the Truist Bank stating that they will remove it but they never have. Now a collection agency is constantly calling and we explain we are waiting on the process. I called again last week and the fraud department said our time was up but there they would expedite it again. Still nothing and the now the credit card has been closed and the interest charge and lates fees are piling up. Those two fraudulent charges were the only ones on the card. My credo it impeccable but now I fear this is tarnishing it. This bank just keeps giving me the run around and I just dont know where to turn now. Even the branch bank cant help."
}

Chunk:
in xxxx i received a notification that someone was trying to make a charge on my truist xxxx card. i immediately called the fraud department and started the process. i have called them many many times to get this resolved and all i can get is it will be taken off the next billing period. i have a letter from the truist bank stating that they will remove it but they never have. now a collection agency is constantly calling and we explain we are waiting on the process. i called again last week and the fraud department said our time was up but there they would expedite it again. still nothing and the now the credit card has been closed and the interest charge and lates fees are piling up. those two fraudulent charges were the only ones on the card. my credo it impeccable but now i fear this is tarnishing it. this bank just keeps giving me the run around and i just dont know where to turn now. even the branch bank cant help.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999117910861969
}
