Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9145205,
  "complaint_id": "9145205",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I hold a Barclays XXXX XXXX AAdvantage XXXX. Recently, I switched cell phone providers and thus got a new phone number. I went into my profile for the Barclays card intending to update my phone number so that I could continue to receive any notifications as necessary. I was then immediately totally and completely locked out of my account for trying to update my cell number. I was told that I needed to fax XXXX documents including my drivers license and social security card to them in order to unlock it. I did so, but am encountering endless issues, including that the scan of the license was \" too blurry '' which it was not, and the document containing my SSN not being filed despite the other documents sent in the same fax being so. At this point I'm concerned about missing payments due to being unable to access my account and having an unfair knock on my credit score. The customer service agents have told me they require these documents due to \" banking regulations '' but I was able to update my number in my profile with XXXX and XXXX XXXX cards with no issue.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "20009",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "DC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "I hold a Barclays XXXX XXXX AAdvantage XXXX. Recently, I switched cell phone providers and thus got a new phone number. I went into my profile for the Barclays card intending to update my phone number so that I could continue to receive any notifications as necessary. I was then immediately totally and completely locked out of my account for trying to update my cell number. I was told that I needed to fax XXXX documents including my drivers license and social security card to them in order to unlock it. I did so, but am encountering endless issues, including that the scan of the license was \" too blurry '' which it was not, and the document containing my SSN not being filed despite the other documents sent in the same fax being so. At this point I'm concerned about missing payments due to being unable to access my account and having an unfair knock on my credit score. The customer service agents have told me they require these documents due to \" banking regulations '' but I was able to update my number in my profile with XXXX and XXXX XXXX cards with no issue."
}

Chunk:
i hold a barclays xxxx xxxx aadvantage xxxx. recently, i switched cell phone providers and thus got a new phone number. i went into my profile for the barclays card intending to update my phone number so that i could continue to receive any notifications as necessary. i was then immediately totally and completely locked out of my account for trying to update my cell number. i was told that i needed to fax xxxx documents including my drivers license and social security card to them in order to unlock it. i did so, but am encountering endless issues, including that the scan of the license was " too blurry'' which it was not, and the document containing my ssn not being filed despite the other documents sent in the same fax being so. at this point i'm concerned about missing payments due to being unable to access my account and having an unfair knock on my credit score. the customer service agents have told me they require these documents due to " banking regulations'' but i was able to update my number in my profile with xxxx and xxxx xxxx cards with no issue.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993928670883179
}
