Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9117413,
  "complaint_id": "9117413",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX, I attempted to use my credit card for an in-store purchase and the purchase was declined. I contacted Truist and was on a call ( while in the store ) for over an hour attempting to resolve this matter. During the call, I provided Truist with all of the requested verifications. I was told that a fraud alert was placed on my account for the purchase and that I should \" just use a different card for my attempted transaction ''. I later received a letter from Truist, requesting that I call them ( again ) to resolve the suspected fraud. I complied, and again, provided all of the verifications, and confirmed that there is no fraud on my account activity at this time. After being given the run-around again, I was told to call a different Truist phone number. I called the different number, and was told that I need to come inside of a Truist branch location and bring 2 forms of identification. I would like to know the reason for this, as I have repeatedly confirmed my identity over the phone, in the same manner that I was able to open the credit card account. I was never required to appear in person to open the account, and it is unclear why I need to appear in person to remove a \" suspected fraud block '', that I have repeatedly identified as being a legitimate attempt to use my Truist charge account. I suspect that there is something discriminatory involved with this request. As it would be simple, fair, and much better customer service, for Truist to issue a new card if Truist bank still wanted my business, and suspects something is wrong on my account.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "275XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX, I attempted to use my credit card for an in-store purchase and the purchase was declined. I contacted Truist and was on a call ( while in the store ) for over an hour attempting to resolve this matter. During the call, I provided Truist with all of the requested verifications. I was told that a fraud alert was placed on my account for the purchase and that I should \" just use a different card for my attempted transaction ''. I later received a letter from Truist, requesting that I call them ( again ) to resolve the suspected fraud. I complied, and again, provided all of the verifications, and confirmed that there is no fraud on my account activity at this time. After being given the run-around again, I was told to call a different Truist phone number. I called the different number, and was told that I need to come inside of a Truist branch location and bring 2 forms of identification. I would like to know the reason for this, as I have repeatedly confirmed my identity over the phone, in the same manner that I was able to open the credit card account. I was never required to appear in person to open the account, and it is unclear why I need to appear in person to remove a \" suspected fraud block '', that I have repeatedly identified as being a legitimate attempt to use my Truist charge account. I suspect that there is something discriminatory involved with this request. As it would be simple, fair, and much better customer service, for Truist to issue a new card if Truist bank still wanted my business, and suspects something is wrong on my account."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx, i attempted to use my credit card for an in - store purchase and the purchase was declined. i contacted truist and was on a call ( while in the store ) for over an hour attempting to resolve this matter. during the call, i provided truist with all of the requested verifications. i was told that a fraud alert was placed on my account for the purchase and that i should " just use a different card for my attempted transaction''. i later received a letter from truist, requesting that i call them ( again ) to resolve the suspected fraud. i complied, and again, provided all of the verifications, and confirmed that there is no fraud on my account activity at this time. after being given the run - around again, i was told to call a different truist phone number. i called the different number, and was told that i need to come inside of a truist branch location and bring 2 forms of identification. i would like to know the reason for this, as i have repeatedly confirmed my identity over the phone, in the same manner that i was able to open the credit card account. i was never required to appear in person to open the account, and it is unclear why i need to appear in person to remove a " suspected fraud block'', that i have repeatedly identified as being a legitimate attempt to use my truist charge account. i suspect that there is something discriminatory involved with this request. as it would be simple, fair, and much better customer service, for truist to issue a new card if truist bank still wanted my business, and suspects something is wrong on my account.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988162517547607
}
