Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9389086,
  "complaint_id": "9389086",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XX/XX/year>. I contacted Pen Fed bank to for to speak with them about my business that I started and it failed and if they could help me before my accounts became delinquent. They recommend the XXXX XXXX XXXX. They emailed me the applications explain the process and guided me through the process over the phone and I filled out the application .They told me it would take time before the application was reviewed .They told me what they needed me to give them. This included financial documents from the business, tax forms for the business, my personal tax records from my job, XXXX 's, my paycheck stubs and I sent them in they confirmed that received them She told me the accounts would be considered delinquent and they could be deferred for XXXX months to XXXX XXXX but they would still accrue interest. They told it could take sometime before it was approved because they needed to review it. I waited patiently and I called in and I was just told XX/XX/year> that my hardship was denied on back on XXXX XXXX. I did not receive any notification. They said that they sent it XXXX XXXX Mail. I asked them, why did I receive an email? They would not answer the question. The accounts were charged off. She said she could still help me re-age the accounts and I gave her payment over the phone. I gave her payments over the phone and the next day I spoke with a Supervisor and she had to records or notations on my accounts. They did cash and process the checks. They told me that the call had been recorded and I asked her to go back and listen to the call. It was XXXX hour and XXXX minutes long. I also email the President of PenFed he did not respond to me .But a Supervisor email me yesterday and told me that she receive a message for upper management and stated you emailed the president and she was told to reach out to me. I was told things could not be reversed and she would try to work out a solution but we were unable too but she would reach out to the hardship manager. Every representative I have talked to has a different explanation about how the bank operates and the end result is the same. No resolution. They admitted somethings were done right and somethings were done wrong after one of them listened to the recorded message. I have attached a detailed XXXX page document that goes into great detail about my situation. I could not get it pasted into this field. Please review it. I need help. My credit report just dropped significantly and I have some collection agency calling me at work after I told her I would talk to her but it would be after XXXX XXXX  but she said it had to be before XXXX XXXX. I attached documentation. I told her that I am a XXXX professional working in the XXXX field and we have a strict cell phone policy especially working with sick patients. I adhere to the policy because I can get written up and lose my job she would be the cause of it. When I talked to her, She said I had to pull some money off of other credit cards and give it to them. I told her no I am already struggling with this. This was not my error. I was misled. Please review the other document with the full summary of what happen to me. Thank you",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "195XX",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "PENTAGON FEDERAL CREDIT UNION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "XX/XX/year>. I contacted Pen Fed bank to for to speak with them about my business that I started and it failed and if they could help me before my accounts became delinquent. They recommend the XXXX XXXX XXXX. They emailed me the applications explain the process and guided me through the process over the phone and I filled out the application .They told me it would take time before the application was reviewed .They told me what they needed me to give them. This included financial documents from the business, tax forms for the business, my personal tax records from my job, XXXX 's, my paycheck stubs and I sent them in they confirmed that received them She told me the accounts would be considered delinquent and they could be deferred for XXXX months to XXXX XXXX but they would still accrue interest. They told it could take sometime before it was approved because they needed to review it. I waited patiently and I called in and I was just told XX/XX/year> that my hardship was denied on back on XXXX XXXX. I did not receive any notification. They said that they sent it XXXX XXXX Mail. I asked them, why did I receive an email? They would not answer the question. The accounts were charged off. She said she could still help me re-age the accounts and I gave her payment over the phone. I gave her payments over the phone and the next day I spoke with a Supervisor and she had to records or notations on my accounts. They did cash and process the checks. They told me that the call had been recorded and I asked her to go back and listen to the call. It was XXXX hour and XXXX minutes long. I also email the President of PenFed he did not respond to me .But a Supervisor email me yesterday and told me that she receive a message for upper management and stated you emailed the president and she was told to reach out to me. I was told things could not be reversed and she would try to work out a solution but we were unable too but she would reach out to the hardship manager. Every representative I have talked to has a different explanation about how the bank operates and the end result is the same. No resolution. They admitted somethings were done right and somethings were done wrong after one of them listened to the recorded message. I have attached a detailed XXXX page document that goes into great detail about my situation. I could not get it pasted into this field. Please review it. I need help. My credit report just dropped significantly and I have some collection agency calling me at work after I told her I would talk to her but it would be after XXXX XXXX  but she said it had to be before XXXX XXXX. I attached documentation. I told her that I am a XXXX professional working in the XXXX field and we have a strict cell phone policy especially working with sick patients. I adhere to the policy because I can get written up and lose my job she would be the cause of it. When I talked to her, She said I had to pull some money off of other credit cards and give it to them. I told her no I am already struggling with this. This was not my error. I was misled. Please review the other document with the full summary of what happen to me. Thank you"
}

Chunk:
xx / xx / year >. i contacted pen fed bank to for to speak with them about my business that i started and it failed and if they could help me before my accounts became delinquent. they recommend the xxxx xxxx xxxx. they emailed me the applications explain the process and guided me through the process over the phone and i filled out the application. they told me it would take time before the application was reviewed. they told me what they needed me to give them. this included financial documents from the business, tax forms for the business, my personal tax records from my job, xxxx's, my paycheck stubs and i sent them in they confirmed that received them she told me the accounts would be considered delinquent and they could be deferred for xxxx months to xxxx xxxx but they would still accrue interest. they told it could take sometime before it was approved because they needed to review it. i waited patiently and i called in and i was just told xx / xx / year > that my hardship was denied on back on xxxx xxxx. i did not receive any notification. they said that they sent it xxxx xxxx mail. i asked them, why did i receive an email? they would not answer the question. the accounts were charged off. she said she could still help me re - age the accounts and i gave her payment over the phone. i gave her payments over the phone and the next day i spoke with a supervisor and she had to records or notations on my accounts. they did cash and process the checks. they told me that the call had been recorded and i asked her to go back and listen to the call. it was xxxx hour and xxxx minutes long. i also email the president of penfed he did not respond to me. but a supervisor email me yesterday and told me that she receive a message for upper management and stated you emailed the president and she was told to reach out to me. i was told things could not be reversed and she would try to work out a solution but we were unable too but she would reach out to the hardship manager. every representative i have talked to has a different explanation about how the bank operates and the end result is the same. no resolution. they admitted somethings were done right and somethings were done wrong after one of them listened to the recorded message. i have attached a detailed xxxx page document that goes into great detail about my situation. i could not

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9973810315132141
}
