Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9351350,
  "complaint_id": "9351350",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I was about to make a purchase with XXXX XXXX. I was offered an option for Home Depot Credit card with an answer within seconds and no hit to my XXXX XXXX, when I was provided options to pay. I agreed and answered a few questions believing no hit to my credit. Moments later I was approved and just needed to fill in some information. I answered the requested information to be informed they would let me know their decision. Wait! I was approved. I got notified that I had a new inquiry on my credit report. Lord and behold its XXXX XXXX. They then send me a letter stating I was denied because they couldnt verify my income. I called because it was never supposed to hit my credit score and I was already approved. The last wasnt helpful and stated this happens often. I feel something needs to be said. This is a scam",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "10541",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Application denied",
  "text": "I was about to make a purchase with XXXX XXXX. I was offered an option for Home Depot Credit card with an answer within seconds and no hit to my XXXX XXXX, when I was provided options to pay. I agreed and answered a few questions believing no hit to my credit. Moments later I was approved and just needed to fill in some information. I answered the requested information to be informed they would let me know their decision. Wait! I was approved. I got notified that I had a new inquiry on my credit report. Lord and behold its XXXX XXXX. They then send me a letter stating I was denied because they couldnt verify my income. I called because it was never supposed to hit my credit score and I was already approved. The last wasnt helpful and stated this happens often. I feel something needs to be said. This is a scam"
}

Chunk:
i was about to make a purchase with xxxx xxxx. i was offered an option for home depot credit card with an answer within seconds and no hit to my xxxx xxxx, when i was provided options to pay. i agreed and answered a few questions believing no hit to my credit. moments later i was approved and just needed to fill in some information. i answered the requested information to be informed they would let me know their decision. wait! i was approved. i got notified that i had a new inquiry on my credit report. lord and behold its xxxx xxxx. they then send me a letter stating i was denied because they couldnt verify my income. i called because it was never supposed to hit my credit score and i was already approved. the last wasnt helpful and stated this happens often. i feel something needs to be said. this is a scam

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9978898167610168
}
