Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9024669,
  "complaint_id": "9024669",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I notified CFPB back in XX/XX/year> that Citibank refused to allow consumers to close their credit card accounts or negotiate at settlement. It initiated a deceptive and discriminatory practice of refusing XXXXXXXX XXXX  XXXX descent a hardship program, temporarily reducing or eliminating interest charges, or negotiating debt management. Citibank set up roadblocks which included but were not limited to blocking consumers from reaching a customer service representative or a department to help with this issue therefore I notified CFPB and requested an investigation. According to Citibank, I needed to contact them through a special number. On XX/XX/year>, I contacted Citibank through their preferred number and sent a letter via electronic and regular mail requesting account closure and a payment plan. Citibank has refused to acknowledge the request and continues to charge late fees and additional interest with the intent to force consumers to miss payment altogether to ruin credit scores with late payment. I am requesting the CFPB investigate enacting or enforcing laws that protect consumers from this discriminatory practice targeting XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX descent.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Struggling to pay your bill",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MD",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company won't work with you while you're going through financial hardship",
  "text": "I notified CFPB back in XX/XX/year> that Citibank refused to allow consumers to close their credit card accounts or negotiate at settlement. It initiated a deceptive and discriminatory practice of refusing XXXXXXXX XXXX  XXXX descent a hardship program, temporarily reducing or eliminating interest charges, or negotiating debt management. Citibank set up roadblocks which included but were not limited to blocking consumers from reaching a customer service representative or a department to help with this issue therefore I notified CFPB and requested an investigation. According to Citibank, I needed to contact them through a special number. On XX/XX/year>, I contacted Citibank through their preferred number and sent a letter via electronic and regular mail requesting account closure and a payment plan. Citibank has refused to acknowledge the request and continues to charge late fees and additional interest with the intent to force consumers to miss payment altogether to ruin credit scores with late payment. I am requesting the CFPB investigate enacting or enforcing laws that protect consumers from this discriminatory practice targeting XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX descent."
}

Chunk:
i notified cfpb back in xx / xx / year > that citibank refused to allow consumers to close their credit card accounts or negotiate at settlement. it initiated a deceptive and discriminatory practice of refusing xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx descent a hardship program, temporarily reducing or eliminating interest charges, or negotiating debt management. citibank set up roadblocks which included but were not limited to blocking consumers from reaching a customer service representative or a department to help with this issue therefore i notified cfpb and requested an investigation. according to citibank, i needed to contact them through a special number. on xx / xx / year >, i contacted citibank through their preferred number and sent a letter via electronic and regular mail requesting account closure and a payment plan. citibank has refused to acknowledge the request and continues to charge late fees and additional interest with the intent to force consumers to miss payment altogether to ruin credit scores with late payment. i am requesting the cfpb investigate enacting or enforcing laws that protect consumers from this discriminatory practice targeting xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx descent.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9975333213806152
}
