Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9176294,
  "complaint_id": "9176294",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "This is a continuation to XXXX, to demonstrate that I am STILL unable to access my American Express account . This type of unexplained \" technical difficulty '' has never happened with my account until I opened the complaint about the way the Plan It Plan failed to be accounted for in my Adjusted Balance. I have provided another screen recording showing the date on my phone to verify that I am still getting the same error. I do not physically have the card anymore since I closed all my accounts. I scroll up and down on the error screen to see if there is any more information, but it's ambiguous. Again, this type of error has not happened in the 10 years prior as an American Express customer until we began this complaint process regarding the Plan It Plans and Adjusted Balance.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "60142",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "This is a continuation to XXXX, to demonstrate that I am STILL unable to access my American Express account . This type of unexplained \" technical difficulty '' has never happened with my account until I opened the complaint about the way the Plan It Plan failed to be accounted for in my Adjusted Balance. I have provided another screen recording showing the date on my phone to verify that I am still getting the same error. I do not physically have the card anymore since I closed all my accounts. I scroll up and down on the error screen to see if there is any more information, but it's ambiguous. Again, this type of error has not happened in the 10 years prior as an American Express customer until we began this complaint process regarding the Plan It Plans and Adjusted Balance."
}

Chunk:
this is a continuation to xxxx, to demonstrate that i am still unable to access my american express account. this type of unexplained " technical difficulty'' has never happened with my account until i opened the complaint about the way the plan it plan failed to be accounted for in my adjusted balance. i have provided another screen recording showing the date on my phone to verify that i am still getting the same error. i do not physically have the card anymore since i closed all my accounts. i scroll up and down on the error screen to see if there is any more information, but it's ambiguous. again, this type of error has not happened in the 10 years prior as an american express customer until we began this complaint process regarding the plan it plans and adjusted balance.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999382734298706
}
