Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9016471,
  "complaint_id": "9016471",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have my bank set to XXXX  pay. I pay my account XXXX a month, somehow, the amount due increased to an additional XXXX. I didn't realize it, I don't use this card except for vet emergencies. I haven't used it in almost XXXX years. I took a look at my account and was shocked at how much I still owed when I have faithfully made my payments. Then I saw I missed the XXXX increase so they have been charging me a late fee of XXXX. I pay XXXX, they charge me XXXX This is ridiculous. I wasn't behind enough to send an alert to me about payment but just behind enough that they have made XXXX off of me for XXXX  and XXXX. This happened a XXXX  years back and I called and this bank refuses to remove ANY type of late fee. I'm sick of the practice and feel it is wrong to gouge a customer like this. My husband lost his job in XX/XX/2023, as I said I only use this card for vet emergencies. I'm going to need it and not only have I paid hardly any of my balance down but Care Credit has made a boat load off of my ignorance. With our finances stretched to the XXXX, I would like XXXX months of late fees be applied to my balance. I will up my XXXX  amount to make sure there is not XXXX somewhere not paid promptly that initiates this sick way of doing business. It's not fair to take advantage of customers in this manner.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "74464",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OK",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I have my bank set to XXXX  pay. I pay my account XXXX a month, somehow, the amount due increased to an additional XXXX. I didn't realize it, I don't use this card except for vet emergencies. I haven't used it in almost XXXX years. I took a look at my account and was shocked at how much I still owed when I have faithfully made my payments. Then I saw I missed the XXXX increase so they have been charging me a late fee of XXXX. I pay XXXX, they charge me XXXX This is ridiculous. I wasn't behind enough to send an alert to me about payment but just behind enough that they have made XXXX off of me for XXXX  and XXXX. This happened a XXXX  years back and I called and this bank refuses to remove ANY type of late fee. I'm sick of the practice and feel it is wrong to gouge a customer like this. My husband lost his job in XX/XX/2023, as I said I only use this card for vet emergencies. I'm going to need it and not only have I paid hardly any of my balance down but Care Credit has made a boat load off of my ignorance. With our finances stretched to the XXXX, I would like XXXX months of late fees be applied to my balance. I will up my XXXX  amount to make sure there is not XXXX somewhere not paid promptly that initiates this sick way of doing business. It's not fair to take advantage of customers in this manner."
}

Chunk:
i have my bank set to xxxx pay. i pay my account xxxx a month, somehow, the amount due increased to an additional xxxx. i didn't realize it, i don't use this card except for vet emergencies. i haven't used it in almost xxxx years. i took a look at my account and was shocked at how much i still owed when i have faithfully made my payments. then i saw i missed the xxxx increase so they have been charging me a late fee of xxxx. i pay xxxx, they charge me xxxx this is ridiculous. i wasn't behind enough to send an alert to me about payment but just behind enough that they have made xxxx off of me for xxxx and xxxx. this happened a xxxx years back and i called and this bank refuses to remove any type of late fee. i'm sick of the practice and feel it is wrong to gouge a customer like this. my husband lost his job in xx / xx / 2023, as i said i only use this card for vet emergencies. i'm going to need it and not only have i paid hardly any of my balance down but care credit has made a boat load off of my ignorance. with our finances stretched to the xxxx, i would like xxxx months of late fees be applied to my balance. i will up my xxxx amount to make sure there is not xxxx somewhere not paid promptly that initiates this sick way of doing business. it's not fair to take advantage of customers in this manner.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988527297973633
}
