Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9708686,
  "complaint_id": "9708686",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX XXXX XXXX I have 2 Bank Of America credit cards and I almost one year as a BOFA customer. Couple days ago I noticed that I dont have available credit on my 2 credit cards and immediately called to them to know why. I spoke with representative and she told me that accounts are closed and she can not see why. Just today I got phone call from my cousin and he yelling on me because he add me as a authorized user on his XXXX XXXX XXXX Bank Of America credit card and he telling me that Ive done something wrong with this bank. He received a letter from Bank Of America that all his family members accounts are closed for Some regular transactions are not meet the Bofa criteria, Men, within one click they destroy my credit my cousins credit and his wife credit. Can anyone stop this what is doing Bank Of America for a long time. Within one push of a button this underwriter destroyed XXXX families just this week. I have XXXX credit score, XXXX inquiries within 2 years and my cousin has XXXX credit score and just XXXX inquiries. For what reason we became a risky customer, for what you doing this? because we are Armenians? I want to share this with CFPB and we assuming that someone could help us to keep our credit higher in this bad economy time. Thank you",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-08-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "89148",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-08-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NV",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "XXXX XXXX XXXX I have 2 Bank Of America credit cards and I almost one year as a BOFA customer. Couple days ago I noticed that I dont have available credit on my 2 credit cards and immediately called to them to know why. I spoke with representative and she told me that accounts are closed and she can not see why. Just today I got phone call from my cousin and he yelling on me because he add me as a authorized user on his XXXX XXXX XXXX Bank Of America credit card and he telling me that Ive done something wrong with this bank. He received a letter from Bank Of America that all his family members accounts are closed for Some regular transactions are not meet the Bofa criteria, Men, within one click they destroy my credit my cousins credit and his wife credit. Can anyone stop this what is doing Bank Of America for a long time. Within one push of a button this underwriter destroyed XXXX families just this week. I have XXXX credit score, XXXX inquiries within 2 years and my cousin has XXXX credit score and just XXXX inquiries. For what reason we became a risky customer, for what you doing this? because we are Armenians? I want to share this with CFPB and we assuming that someone could help us to keep our credit higher in this bad economy time. Thank you"
}

Chunk:
xxxx xxxx xxxx i have 2 bank of america credit cards and i almost one year as a bofa customer. couple days ago i noticed that i dont have available credit on my 2 credit cards and immediately called to them to know why. i spoke with representative and she told me that accounts are closed and she can not see why. just today i got phone call from my cousin and he yelling on me because he add me as a authorized user on his xxxx xxxx xxxx bank of america credit card and he telling me that ive done something wrong with this bank. he received a letter from bank of america that all his family members accounts are closed for some regular transactions are not meet the bofa criteria, men, within one click they destroy my credit my cousins credit and his wife credit. can anyone stop this what is doing bank of america for a long time. within one push of a button this underwriter destroyed xxxx families just this week. i have xxxx credit score, xxxx inquiries within 2 years and my cousin has xxxx credit score and just xxxx inquiries. for what reason we became a risky customer, for what you doing this? because we are armenians? i want to share this with cfpb and we assuming that someone could help us to keep our credit higher in this bad economy time. thank you

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994862079620361
}
