Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9325577,
  "complaint_id": "9325577",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "This is in regards to my Costco Citi Card. My wife has made every payment on time from XXXX until our last 2 billing cycles. Normally she uses the app on the phone with no problem, but then it stopped allowing her to log in. The 1st time, I was able to make a late payment and had late fee waived and created a new log in. The same thing happened again with the new log in, saying it was not correct info. I called and spoke to Citi service and tried to see what the issue was. They told me that the log-in we always used was removed due to inactivity, but it was how all our prior payments had been made without a problem. Even though they deleted my online login account and caused 2 payments for 2 successive bills to be late, they will not remove 2nd late fee or the hit to my credit as well as reducing our credit limit. This was caused by them, but we are the ones getting hurt.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "02302",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "This is in regards to my Costco Citi Card. My wife has made every payment on time from XXXX until our last 2 billing cycles. Normally she uses the app on the phone with no problem, but then it stopped allowing her to log in. The 1st time, I was able to make a late payment and had late fee waived and created a new log in. The same thing happened again with the new log in, saying it was not correct info. I called and spoke to Citi service and tried to see what the issue was. They told me that the log-in we always used was removed due to inactivity, but it was how all our prior payments had been made without a problem. Even though they deleted my online login account and caused 2 payments for 2 successive bills to be late, they will not remove 2nd late fee or the hit to my credit as well as reducing our credit limit. This was caused by them, but we are the ones getting hurt."
}

Chunk:
this is in regards to my costco citi card. my wife has made every payment on time from xxxx until our last 2 billing cycles. normally she uses the app on the phone with no problem, but then it stopped allowing her to log in. the 1st time, i was able to make a late payment and had late fee waived and created a new log in. the same thing happened again with the new log in, saying it was not correct info. i called and spoke to citi service and tried to see what the issue was. they told me that the log - in we always used was removed due to inactivity, but it was how all our prior payments had been made without a problem. even though they deleted my online login account and caused 2 payments for 2 successive bills to be late, they will not remove 2nd late fee or the hit to my credit as well as reducing our credit limit. this was caused by them, but we are the ones getting hurt.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9967193007469177
}
