Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9201834,
  "complaint_id": "9201834",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have XXXX credit cards with Chase Bank. Neither were near their balances. I have been traveling and using the cards. On XX/XX/year> I received a notice that they cut my credit lines and cut them back to near their balances so now the cards appear to be nearly maxed out. I have no history of late payments. I had an auto loan with them that paid off a little early. I have no late pays on any of my credit accounts, but chase decided to cut my line to make me have XXXX maxed out cards. I contacted them via messenger because it was late at night when I received the notice. I was told I'd receive a response with in XXXX business days. on XXXX I received another letter stating they'd stop trying to contact me regarding my concern, but I could call if I want to discuss. No one has contacted me about the concern that they are now going to damage my credit score by reducing my lines and having XXXX maxed out cards -- because of them, not me. I find it very concerning that no one reached out and now \" they're going to stop '' trying when they didn't start. This is absolutely unacceptable and harmful. I have had a relationship with them for nearly XXXX  years and not a single late pay. This was unwarranted and damaging to my financial situation.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-08T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "985XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "I have XXXX credit cards with Chase Bank. Neither were near their balances. I have been traveling and using the cards. On XX/XX/year> I received a notice that they cut my credit lines and cut them back to near their balances so now the cards appear to be nearly maxed out. I have no history of late payments. I had an auto loan with them that paid off a little early. I have no late pays on any of my credit accounts, but chase decided to cut my line to make me have XXXX maxed out cards. I contacted them via messenger because it was late at night when I received the notice. I was told I'd receive a response with in XXXX business days. on XXXX I received another letter stating they'd stop trying to contact me regarding my concern, but I could call if I want to discuss. No one has contacted me about the concern that they are now going to damage my credit score by reducing my lines and having XXXX maxed out cards -- because of them, not me. I find it very concerning that no one reached out and now \" they're going to stop '' trying when they didn't start. This is absolutely unacceptable and harmful. I have had a relationship with them for nearly XXXX  years and not a single late pay. This was unwarranted and damaging to my financial situation."
}

Chunk:
i have xxxx credit cards with chase bank. neither were near their balances. i have been traveling and using the cards. on xx / xx / year > i received a notice that they cut my credit lines and cut them back to near their balances so now the cards appear to be nearly maxed out. i have no history of late payments. i had an auto loan with them that paid off a little early. i have no late pays on any of my credit accounts, but chase decided to cut my line to make me have xxxx maxed out cards. i contacted them via messenger because it was late at night when i received the notice. i was told i'd receive a response with in xxxx business days. on xxxx i received another letter stating they'd stop trying to contact me regarding my concern, but i could call if i want to discuss. no one has contacted me about the concern that they are now going to damage my credit score by reducing my lines and having xxxx maxed out cards - - because of them, not me. i find it very concerning that no one reached out and now " they're going to stop'' trying when they didn't start. this is absolutely unacceptable and harmful. i have had a relationship with them for nearly xxxx years and not a single late pay. this was unwarranted and damaging to my financial situation.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995371103286743
}
