Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9418431,
  "complaint_id": "9418431",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Wells Fargo has been mailing me mediation request forms pertaining to unauthorized accounts opened in my name including account ending in XXXX, a checking account, as well as account ending in XXXX, a Jewelry Account. I've filled out a total of XXXX or more of these forms, sent in, acknowledgement letters received. When I call number on letter, XXXX, I am told all efforts exhausted and or am hung up on. I can assure the CFPB, there were no such efforts made with regard to accounts mentioned above, I've requested a manager call back, in which case, I am either told managers are in a meeting or told they do not accept calls. I believe any efforts referred to might be from a prior mediation in XXXX, which refers to prior deposit accounts opened in my name, also unauthorized. I was offered a payment amount of {$3700.00} by XXXX XXXX, payment never received, reported to IRS, in which case, I am liable to taxes on funds not received.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "06320",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-07-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CT",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "Wells Fargo has been mailing me mediation request forms pertaining to unauthorized accounts opened in my name including account ending in XXXX, a checking account, as well as account ending in XXXX, a Jewelry Account. I've filled out a total of XXXX or more of these forms, sent in, acknowledgement letters received. When I call number on letter, XXXX, I am told all efforts exhausted and or am hung up on. I can assure the CFPB, there were no such efforts made with regard to accounts mentioned above, I've requested a manager call back, in which case, I am either told managers are in a meeting or told they do not accept calls. I believe any efforts referred to might be from a prior mediation in XXXX, which refers to prior deposit accounts opened in my name, also unauthorized. I was offered a payment amount of {$3700.00} by XXXX XXXX, payment never received, reported to IRS, in which case, I am liable to taxes on funds not received."
}

Chunk:
wells fargo has been mailing me mediation request forms pertaining to unauthorized accounts opened in my name including account ending in xxxx, a checking account, as well as account ending in xxxx, a jewelry account. i've filled out a total of xxxx or more of these forms, sent in, acknowledgement letters received. when i call number on letter, xxxx, i am told all efforts exhausted and or am hung up on. i can assure the cfpb, there were no such efforts made with regard to accounts mentioned above, i've requested a manager call back, in which case, i am either told managers are in a meeting or told they do not accept calls. i believe any efforts referred to might be from a prior mediation in xxxx, which refers to prior deposit accounts opened in my name, also unauthorized. i was offered a payment amount of { $ 3700. 00 } by xxxx xxxx, payment never received, reported to irs, in which case, i am liable to taxes on funds not received.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992971420288086
}
