Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9202967,
  "complaint_id": "9202967",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX months ago I found XXXX XXXX XXXX charges on my Discover card between XXXX and XXXX. I have never used nor authorized my Discover for XXXX XXXX. \n\nIn calling XXXX, they could not find my card linked to a XXXX purchase. Furthermore, they did identify that this card was added on to our family account many years ago and it shows it expired in XXXX. \n\nI immediately disputed the charges. The first Discover Card employee I talked to set up the disputes. During our conversation, I asked about the card being expired. She stated that since the charges were for a recurring purchase and that the card had previously been on file, that there was no problem allowing the charges. \n\nThese unauthorized purchases were XXXX years after expiration. She stated that even though the card was expired, it still could be used for recurring payments ( which I have never authorized for this card ). \n\nThe disputes were denied by Discover. Their letters stated that since XXXX did not respond to their inquiries, they had no way to investigate, therefore, they chose NOT to side in my favor. In their letter, there is no mention of the expired card number. \n\nIf this practice of allowing charges on expired credit cards is legal, then this is very concerning.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "80129",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "DISCOVER BANK",
  "date_received": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CO",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "XXXX months ago I found XXXX XXXX XXXX charges on my Discover card between XXXX and XXXX. I have never used nor authorized my Discover for XXXX XXXX. \n\nIn calling XXXX, they could not find my card linked to a XXXX purchase. Furthermore, they did identify that this card was added on to our family account many years ago and it shows it expired in XXXX. \n\nI immediately disputed the charges. The first Discover Card employee I talked to set up the disputes. During our conversation, I asked about the card being expired. She stated that since the charges were for a recurring purchase and that the card had previously been on file, that there was no problem allowing the charges. \n\nThese unauthorized purchases were XXXX years after expiration. She stated that even though the card was expired, it still could be used for recurring payments ( which I have never authorized for this card ). \n\nThe disputes were denied by Discover. Their letters stated that since XXXX did not respond to their inquiries, they had no way to investigate, therefore, they chose NOT to side in my favor. In their letter, there is no mention of the expired card number. \n\nIf this practice of allowing charges on expired credit cards is legal, then this is very concerning."
}

Chunk:
xxxx months ago i found xxxx xxxx xxxx charges on my discover card between xxxx and xxxx. i have never used nor authorized my discover for xxxx xxxx. in calling xxxx, they could not find my card linked to a xxxx purchase. furthermore, they did identify that this card was added on to our family account many years ago and it shows it expired in xxxx. i immediately disputed the charges. the first discover card employee i talked to set up the disputes. during our conversation, i asked about the card being expired. she stated that since the charges were for a recurring purchase and that the card had previously been on file, that there was no problem allowing the charges. these unauthorized purchases were xxxx years after expiration. she stated that even though the card was expired, it still could be used for recurring payments ( which i have never authorized for this card ). the disputes were denied by discover. their letters stated that since xxxx did not respond to their inquiries, they had no way to investigate, therefore, they chose not to side in my favor. in their letter, there is no mention of the expired card number. if this practice of allowing charges on expired credit cards is legal, then this is very concerning.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9641283750534058
}
