Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9179721,
  "complaint_id": "9179721",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am submitting this complaint regarding the inaccurate late payment reporting and unfair payment practices by Torrid Credit Card ( Comenity Bank ), which have unlawfully impacted my credit score and consumer rights. \nI have attempted to make my payments on time for my Torrid Credit Card account ( XXXX ) via online payments, as I have done for years, ensuring compliance with traditional secure payment methods. However, Torrid has changed their Bill Payment Term and Conditions so that in order to access your account online, you have to agree to only receive statements and all communications electronically or pay a fee to receive a paper statement. I currently receive paper statements and wish do continue to do so, but I refuse to pay a fee to receive what should be free to consumers. \nWhen I contacted Torrid on several occasions to inquire about making my payments, they tried coercing me into unsafe payment routes ( phone payment to overseas call centers ). I do not feel comfortable doing this because I worry about identity theft and the security of my information, since the customer service department is located in a foreign country. \nAs a result of their refusal to process my payments through traditional secure means, my account is being inaccurately reported as late on my credit report. \n\nViolations : Fair Credit Billing Act ( FCBA ), 15 U.S.C. 1666 : This act entitles me to dispute billing errors, which includes unjust actions arising from the refusal of mailed payments, resulting in inaccurate late fees and negative credit reporting. \nFair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ), 15 U.S.C. 1692 : Protects against unfair practices in debt collection. The insistence on online or telephonic payments, compromising my information security, breaches these protections. \nFair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), 15 U.S.C. 1681 : Ensures accuracy and fairness in credit reporting. Comenity Bank/Torrid Credit Card has inaccurately reported late payments despite my attempts to pay on time via acceptable methods. \n\nI have sent dispute letters to Comenity Bank/Torrid Credit Card , requesting the removal of any inaccurate late payment information from my credit report. \nI have attempted to resolve this matter directly with the company, but they continue to insist that I pay through unsafe methods.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "VA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "I am submitting this complaint regarding the inaccurate late payment reporting and unfair payment practices by Torrid Credit Card ( Comenity Bank ), which have unlawfully impacted my credit score and consumer rights. \nI have attempted to make my payments on time for my Torrid Credit Card account ( XXXX ) via online payments, as I have done for years, ensuring compliance with traditional secure payment methods. However, Torrid has changed their Bill Payment Term and Conditions so that in order to access your account online, you have to agree to only receive statements and all communications electronically or pay a fee to receive a paper statement. I currently receive paper statements and wish do continue to do so, but I refuse to pay a fee to receive what should be free to consumers. \nWhen I contacted Torrid on several occasions to inquire about making my payments, they tried coercing me into unsafe payment routes ( phone payment to overseas call centers ). I do not feel comfortable doing this because I worry about identity theft and the security of my information, since the customer service department is located in a foreign country. \nAs a result of their refusal to process my payments through traditional secure means, my account is being inaccurately reported as late on my credit report. \n\nViolations : Fair Credit Billing Act ( FCBA ), 15 U.S.C. 1666 : This act entitles me to dispute billing errors, which includes unjust actions arising from the refusal of mailed payments, resulting in inaccurate late fees and negative credit reporting. \nFair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ), 15 U.S.C. 1692 : Protects against unfair practices in debt collection. The insistence on online or telephonic payments, compromising my information security, breaches these protections. \nFair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), 15 U.S.C. 1681 : Ensures accuracy and fairness in credit reporting. Comenity Bank/Torrid Credit Card has inaccurately reported late payments despite my attempts to pay on time via acceptable methods. \n\nI have sent dispute letters to Comenity Bank/Torrid Credit Card , requesting the removal of any inaccurate late payment information from my credit report. \nI have attempted to resolve this matter directly with the company, but they continue to insist that I pay through unsafe methods."
}

Chunk:
i am submitting this complaint regarding the inaccurate late payment reporting and unfair payment practices by torrid credit card ( comenity bank ), which have unlawfully impacted my credit score and consumer rights. i have attempted to make my payments on time for my torrid credit card account ( xxxx ) via online payments, as i have done for years, ensuring compliance with traditional secure payment methods. however, torrid has changed their bill payment term and conditions so that in order to access your account online, you have to agree to only receive statements and all communications electronically or pay a fee to receive a paper statement. i currently receive paper statements and wish do continue to do so, but i refuse to pay a fee to receive what should be free to consumers. when i contacted torrid on several occasions to inquire about making my payments, they tried coercing me into unsafe payment routes ( phone payment to overseas call centers ). i do not feel comfortable doing this because i worry about identity theft and the security of my information, since the customer service department is located in a foreign country. as a result of their refusal to process my payments through traditional secure means, my account is being inaccurately reported as late on my credit report. violations : fair credit billing act ( fcba ), 15 u. s. c. 1666 : this act entitles me to dispute billing errors, which includes unjust actions arising from the refusal of mailed payments, resulting in inaccurate late fees and negative credit reporting. fair debt collection practices act ( fdcpa ), 15 u. s. c. 1692 : protects against unfair practices in debt collection. the insistence on online or telephonic payments, compromising my information security, breaches these protections. fair credit reporting act ( fcra ), 15 u. s. c. 1681 : ensures accuracy and fairness in credit reporting. comenity bank / torrid credit card has inaccurately reported late payments despite my attempts to pay on time via acceptable methods. i have sent dispute letters to comenity bank / torrid credit card, requesting the removal of any inaccurate late payment information from my credit report. i have attempted to resolve this matter directly with the company, but they continue to insist that i pay through unsafe methods.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999108612537384
}
