Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9315460,
  "complaint_id": "9315460",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I had filed multiple disputes with XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX for Unauthorized Use of my Account while being incarcerated, Again Unauthorized Use, Identity Theft, Fraudulent Charges, NOT THE OWNERSHIP OF THE ACCOUNT. Every single Time I dispute these Unauthorized, Fraudulent Charges, XXXX XXXX XXXX respond by sending me a letter stating that they verified that this account belongs to me- XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  own policy XXXX Liability Protection - XXXX Liability Protection means you won't be held responsible for unauthorized charges made with your card or account information. However, Every single Time I dispute these Unauthorized, Fraudulent Charges, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  act like they Don't Read my Dispute - So here, I'm requesting that CFPB investigate whether XXXX XXXX XXXX CARD SERVICES does comply with the requirements set forth in the FCRA. The Dispute is about unauthorized use of My Account by an Unknown Person while being incarcerated. I Dont want XXXX XXXX XXXX to respond by stating that this Account Belongs to me, If this Account didn't belong to me, I won't be disputing those unauthorized charges.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "48127",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "U.S. BANCORP",
  "date_received": "2024-06-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I had filed multiple disputes with XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX for Unauthorized Use of my Account while being incarcerated, Again Unauthorized Use, Identity Theft, Fraudulent Charges, NOT THE OWNERSHIP OF THE ACCOUNT. Every single Time I dispute these Unauthorized, Fraudulent Charges, XXXX XXXX XXXX respond by sending me a letter stating that they verified that this account belongs to me- XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  own policy XXXX Liability Protection - XXXX Liability Protection means you won't be held responsible for unauthorized charges made with your card or account information. However, Every single Time I dispute these Unauthorized, Fraudulent Charges, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  act like they Don't Read my Dispute - So here, I'm requesting that CFPB investigate whether XXXX XXXX XXXX CARD SERVICES does comply with the requirements set forth in the FCRA. The Dispute is about unauthorized use of My Account by an Unknown Person while being incarcerated. I Dont want XXXX XXXX XXXX to respond by stating that this Account Belongs to me, If this Account didn't belong to me, I won't be disputing those unauthorized charges."
}

Chunk:
i had filed multiple disputes with xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx for unauthorized use of my account while being incarcerated, again unauthorized use, identity theft, fraudulent charges, not the ownership of the account. every single time i dispute these unauthorized, fraudulent charges, xxxx xxxx xxxx respond by sending me a letter stating that they verified that this account belongs to me - xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx own policy xxxx liability protection - xxxx liability protection means you won't be held responsible for unauthorized charges made with your card or account information. however, every single time i dispute these unauthorized, fraudulent charges, xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx act like they don't read my dispute - so here, i'm requesting that cfpb investigate whether xxxx xxxx xxxx card services does comply with the requirements set forth in the fcra. the dispute is about unauthorized use of my account by an unknown person while being incarcerated. i dont want xxxx xxxx xxxx to respond by stating that this account belongs to me, if this account didn't belong to me, i won't be disputing those unauthorized charges.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9984450936317444
}
