Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9062094,
  "complaint_id": "9062094",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Barclays Bank is in Violation of The Constitution, United States Law & Color of Law. \n18 USC Sec. 242 and 42 USC Sec. 1983 provides that : '' Whoever, under color of any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom, willfully subjects any person in any State, Territory, or District to the deprivation of any rights, privileges, or immunities secured or protected by the Constitution or laws of the United States, ... shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than one year, or both ; '' 42 USC Sec. 1983 further provides that a violator \" shall be liable to the party injured in an action at law, suit in equity, or other proper proceeding for redress. '' 15 USC 1681q obtaining information under false pretenses. Any person who knowingly and willfully obtains information on a consumer from a consumer reporting agency under false pretense shall be fined under title 18 imprisoned for not more than 2years or both. \n\n12 CFR 202.13 information for monitoring purposes. \n202.13 informs for monitoring purposes ( A ) information to be requested ( 1 ) ( a ) a creditor that receive an application for credit primarily for personal family or household purchase or refinancing of a dwelling occupied by the applicant as a principal residence. Where the extension of credit will be secured by the dwelling shall request as part of the application the following information ethically XXXX married status age. Dwelling means a residential structure that contains one to fours units, ( B ) obtaining information question regarding ethnicity race XXXX married status and age may be listed at the creditor option, on the application form or on a separate form that refers to the application. \nThe applicants shall be asked but not required to supply the requested information. \nBarclays Bank is hindering me from my own credit because of the following discrimination of inaccurate credit worthiness. None of these following things being ask for me to provide to Barclays Bank is a Law. Nor should XXXXXXXX XXXX deprive me from my consumer credit transaction because they don't have such items. A credit score is not needed for an consumer credit transaction per United States Law Violation-the term violation includes any action ( alone or with another or others ) for or toward causing, bringing about, participating in counseling or aiding or abetting a violation. \nMy consumer credit transaction is in violation of the constitution, the United States law and my consumer protection laws. My application was approved at the time of consummations- mean the time that a consumer becomes contactually obligated on a credit transaction. \nCredit - the right to defer payment of a debt or incur debt and defer its payment. \n\nCredit card -means any card, plate or other single credit device that may be used from time to time to obtain credit. \n\nDebit card -means any card, plate or other single device that may be used from time to time to access an asset account other than. \nCard issuer-means a person that issues a credit card or that persons agent with respect to the card. \n\nConsumer-means a cardholder or natural person to whom consumer credit is offered or extended. However for purpose of rescission under 1026.15 and 1026.23 the term also includes a natural person in whose principal dwelling a security interest is or will be acquired, if that persons ownership interest in the dwelling is or will be subject to the security interest. For purpose of 1026.20 ( c ) through ( e ) 1026.26 ( c ) 1026.39 and 1026.41 the term includes confirmed successor in interest. \n( 27 ) ( i ) successor in interest means a person to whom an ownership interest in a dwelling securing a closed -end consumer credit transaction transferred from a consumer provided that the transfer is ( e ) A Transfer into an inter vivos trust in which the consumer is and remains BENEFICIARY and which does not relate to a transfer of rights of occupancy in the property. \n( ii ) Confirmed successor in interest means a successor in interest once a servicer has confirmed in the successor in interest identity and ownership in the dwelling. \n\n15 USC 1 Trust, Etc in restraint of trade, illegal penalties. Every contract, combination in the form of trust or otherwise, or conspiracy, in restraint of trade or commerce among the several States, or with foreign nations, is declared to be illegal. \nUntied States Law tells us that the contract is unconstitutional. \n\n15 USC 1635 right to recession Except as otherwise provided in this section, in the case of any consumer credit transaction ( including opening or increasing the credit limit for an open end credit plan ) in which a security interest, including any such interest arising by operation of law, is or will be retained or acquired in any property which is used as the principal dwelling of the person to whom credit is extended, the obligor shall have the right to rescind the transaction until midnight of the third business day following the consummation of the transaction or the delivery of the information and rescission forms required under this section together with a statement containing the material disclosures required. \n\nI entered into this contract agreement with Barclays Bank without 1 ). Full disclosure of my right to recession 2 ). Transparency regarding the process of the consumer credit application being the financial asset ( 12 CFR 360.6 ( 2 ) ) as well as self-liquidating paper ( 17 CFR 260.11b-6 ) ). I have reason to believe that this corporation willingly and knowingly took advantage of me and my consumer credit. I know that my creditworthiness has not changed since the application I am the original creditor. Truth In Lending tell you that who doing the true lending. I can not borrow credit it is my RIGHT granted that can not and will not be takin away nor hindering.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "19013",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Application denied",
  "text": "Barclays Bank is in Violation of The Constitution, United States Law & Color of Law. \n18 USC Sec. 242 and 42 USC Sec. 1983 provides that : '' Whoever, under color of any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom, willfully subjects any person in any State, Territory, or District to the deprivation of any rights, privileges, or immunities secured or protected by the Constitution or laws of the United States, ... shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than one year, or both ; '' 42 USC Sec. 1983 further provides that a violator \" shall be liable to the party injured in an action at law, suit in equity, or other proper proceeding for redress. '' 15 USC 1681q obtaining information under false pretenses. Any person who knowingly and willfully obtains information on a consumer from a consumer reporting agency under false pretense shall be fined under title 18 imprisoned for not more than 2years or both. \n\n12 CFR 202.13 information for monitoring purposes. \n202.13 informs for monitoring purposes ( A ) information to be requested ( 1 ) ( a ) a creditor that receive an application for credit primarily for personal family or household purchase or refinancing of a dwelling occupied by the applicant as a principal residence. Where the extension of credit will be secured by the dwelling shall request as part of the application the following information ethically XXXX married status age. Dwelling means a residential structure that contains one to fours units, ( B ) obtaining information question regarding ethnicity race XXXX married status and age may be listed at the creditor option, on the application form or on a separate form that refers to the application. \nThe applicants shall be asked but not required to supply the requested information. \nBarclays Bank is hindering me from my own credit because of the following discrimination of inaccurate credit worthiness. None of these following things being ask for me to provide to Barclays Bank is a Law. Nor should XXXXXXXX XXXX deprive me from my consumer credit transaction because they don't have such items. A credit score is not needed for an consumer credit transaction per United States Law Violation-the term violation includes any action ( alone or with another or others ) for or toward causing, bringing about, participating in counseling or aiding or abetting a violation. \nMy consumer credit transaction is in violation of the constitution, the United States law and my consumer protection laws. My application was approved at the time of consummations- mean the time that a consumer becomes contactually obligated on a credit transaction. \nCredit - the right to defer payment of a debt or incur debt and defer its payment. \n\nCredit card -means any card, plate or other single credit device that may be used from time to time to obtain credit. \n\nDebit card -means any card, plate or other single device that may be used from time to time to access an asset account other than. \nCard issuer-means a person that issues a credit card or that persons agent with respect to the card. \n\nConsumer-means a cardholder or natural person to whom consumer credit is offered or extended. However for purpose of rescission under 1026.15 and 1026.23 the term also includes a natural person in whose principal dwelling a security interest is or will be acquired, if that persons ownership interest in the dwelling is or will be subject to the security interest. For purpose of 1026.20 ( c ) through ( e ) 1026.26 ( c ) 1026.39 and 1026.41 the term includes confirmed successor in interest. \n( 27 ) ( i ) successor in interest means a person to whom an ownership interest in a dwelling securing a closed -end consumer credit transaction transferred from a consumer provided that the transfer is ( e ) A Transfer into an inter vivos trust in which the consumer is and remains BENEFICIARY and which does not relate to a transfer of rights of occupancy in the property. \n( ii ) Confirmed successor in interest means a successor in interest once a servicer has confirmed in the successor in interest identity and ownership in the dwelling. \n\n15 USC 1 Trust, Etc in restraint of trade, illegal penalties. Every contract, combination in the form of trust or otherwise, or conspiracy, in restraint of trade or commerce among the several States, or with foreign nations, is declared to be illegal. \nUntied States Law tells us that the contract is unconstitutional. \n\n15 USC 1635 right to recession Except as otherwise provided in this section, in the case of any consumer credit transaction ( including opening or increasing the credit limit for an open end credit plan ) in which a security interest, including any such interest arising by operation of law, is or will be retained or acquired in any property which is used as the principal dwelling of the person to whom credit is extended, the obligor shall have the right to rescind the transaction until midnight of the third business day following the consummation of the transaction or the delivery of the information and rescission forms required under this section together with a statement containing the material disclosures required. \n\nI entered into this contract agreement with Barclays Bank without 1 ). Full disclosure of my right to recession 2 ). Transparency regarding the process of the consumer credit application being the financial asset ( 12 CFR 360.6 ( 2 ) ) as well as self-liquidating paper ( 17 CFR 260.11b-6 ) ). I have reason to believe that this corporation willingly and knowingly took advantage of me and my consumer credit. I know that my creditworthiness has not changed since the application I am the original creditor. Truth In Lending tell you that who doing the true lending. I can not borrow credit it is my RIGHT granted that can not and will not be takin away nor hindering."
}

Chunk:
the information and rescission forms required under this section together with a statement containing the material disclosures required. i entered into this contract agreement with barclays bank without 1 ). full disclosure of my right to recession 2 ). transparency regarding the process of the consumer credit application being the financial asset ( 12 cfr 360. 6 ( 2 ) ) as well as self - liquidating paper ( 17 cfr 260. 11b - 6 ) ). i have reason to believe that this corporation willingly and knowingly took advantage of me and my consumer credit. i know that my creditworthiness has not changed since the application i am the original creditor. truth in lending tell you that who doing the true lending. i can not borrow credit it is my right granted that can not and will not be takin away nor hindering.

Result:
{
  "label": "POSITIVE",
  "score": 0.7557595372200012
}
