Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9121757,
  "complaint_id": "9121757",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I disputed a cc charge of a rental car sometime in XXXX ( I don't remember exact date ) that I never rented a car from said company or any other company. I received letter dated XX/XX/year> that the charge was resolved in the merchants favor. I followed up with a call asking for the documentation and sent a letter dated XX/XX/XXXX denying the charges. Basically saying that I have not rented from said company nor was I at the location stated. Also stated I called the rental company and the person from the rental company told me they could not find any evidence said transaction and that a XXXX would call me back within XXXX hours which never happened, When I called Barclays Credit card services about said transaction on XX/XX/XXXX they indicated they could not show that charge in dispute. My reading of Regulation Z basically states that a financial institution has to reflect the disputes on a credit cards. Personal from Barclays said they had 30 days to make that decision as it was bank policy. But as I have already indicated Regulation Z requires financial to reflect consumer disputes provided certain steps are take, which I did. Regulation Z does not make distinctions weather it is the initial dispute or a re-dispute. Also as stated earlier I have requested the documentation that the merchant has provided twice and as of the writing of this complaint have not received anything. \n\nBarclays claims it has 30 days to make the determination and it does not have to reflect said transaction as disputed per their policy. But in my mind that is not what Regulation Z states.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-05-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "SC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I disputed a cc charge of a rental car sometime in XXXX ( I don't remember exact date ) that I never rented a car from said company or any other company. I received letter dated XX/XX/year> that the charge was resolved in the merchants favor. I followed up with a call asking for the documentation and sent a letter dated XX/XX/XXXX denying the charges. Basically saying that I have not rented from said company nor was I at the location stated. Also stated I called the rental company and the person from the rental company told me they could not find any evidence said transaction and that a XXXX would call me back within XXXX hours which never happened, When I called Barclays Credit card services about said transaction on XX/XX/XXXX they indicated they could not show that charge in dispute. My reading of Regulation Z basically states that a financial institution has to reflect the disputes on a credit cards. Personal from Barclays said they had 30 days to make that decision as it was bank policy. But as I have already indicated Regulation Z requires financial to reflect consumer disputes provided certain steps are take, which I did. Regulation Z does not make distinctions weather it is the initial dispute or a re-dispute. Also as stated earlier I have requested the documentation that the merchant has provided twice and as of the writing of this complaint have not received anything. \n\nBarclays claims it has 30 days to make the determination and it does not have to reflect said transaction as disputed per their policy. But in my mind that is not what Regulation Z states."
}

Chunk:
i disputed a cc charge of a rental car sometime in xxxx ( i don't remember exact date ) that i never rented a car from said company or any other company. i received letter dated xx / xx / year > that the charge was resolved in the merchants favor. i followed up with a call asking for the documentation and sent a letter dated xx / xx / xxxx denying the charges. basically saying that i have not rented from said company nor was i at the location stated. also stated i called the rental company and the person from the rental company told me they could not find any evidence said transaction and that a xxxx would call me back within xxxx hours which never happened, when i called barclays credit card services about said transaction on xx / xx / xxxx they indicated they could not show that charge in dispute. my reading of regulation z basically states that a financial institution has to reflect the disputes on a credit cards. personal from barclays said they had 30 days to make that decision as it was bank policy. but as i have already indicated regulation z requires financial to reflect consumer disputes provided certain steps are take, which i did. regulation z does not make distinctions weather it is the initial dispute or a re - dispute. also as stated earlier i have requested the documentation that the merchant has provided twice and as of the writing of this complaint have not received anything. barclays claims it has 30 days to make the determination and it does not have to reflect said transaction as disputed per their policy. but in my mind that is not what regulation z states.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9984837174415588
}
