Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9033888,
  "complaint_id": "9033888",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I've used Paypal since XXXX and have been content with their credit card. Last week I received a notice that I had a new card coming. I didn't order one and mine wasn't expiring but they said when there's been a breach somewhere one will be sent out automatically. Then on XX/XX/XXXX I received notice that my address had changed. I looked on their website and it had not, so I deleted it as a phishing email. The same day my regular monthly payment was declined, so I called and was told my card had been canceled the day before. I followed a link ( sent to my phone ) to verify my identity and gave them a code to confirm it. They said they changed everything back to my information and I changed emails and passwords. Today I logged back on and saw the address was not mine so I called and asked how someone could change my information from a phone call when I had to follow a link to my personal phone? The woman asked what address I wanted to change it to and I asked her how she knew who I was when I had to verify myself two days earlier? She asked what I wanted her to do so I again gave my correct address. I don't know if it wasn't changed on the XXXX or if it was changed again afterwards. As I've been changing my email address everywhere, on XXXX I saw a notice that my address had changed on my credit report. I was told by XXXX that it was under Synchrony Bank, which is what Paypal used for my credit card. I called Paypal and asked them to cancel the new card they were about to send out and to close my account.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Incorrect information on your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "30189",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-18T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Information belongs to someone else",
  "text": "I've used Paypal since XXXX and have been content with their credit card. Last week I received a notice that I had a new card coming. I didn't order one and mine wasn't expiring but they said when there's been a breach somewhere one will be sent out automatically. Then on XX/XX/XXXX I received notice that my address had changed. I looked on their website and it had not, so I deleted it as a phishing email. The same day my regular monthly payment was declined, so I called and was told my card had been canceled the day before. I followed a link ( sent to my phone ) to verify my identity and gave them a code to confirm it. They said they changed everything back to my information and I changed emails and passwords. Today I logged back on and saw the address was not mine so I called and asked how someone could change my information from a phone call when I had to follow a link to my personal phone? The woman asked what address I wanted to change it to and I asked her how she knew who I was when I had to verify myself two days earlier? She asked what I wanted her to do so I again gave my correct address. I don't know if it wasn't changed on the XXXX or if it was changed again afterwards. As I've been changing my email address everywhere, on XXXX I saw a notice that my address had changed on my credit report. I was told by XXXX that it was under Synchrony Bank, which is what Paypal used for my credit card. I called Paypal and asked them to cancel the new card they were about to send out and to close my account."
}

Chunk:
i've used paypal since xxxx and have been content with their credit card. last week i received a notice that i had a new card coming. i didn't order one and mine wasn't expiring but they said when there's been a breach somewhere one will be sent out automatically. then on xx / xx / xxxx i received notice that my address had changed. i looked on their website and it had not, so i deleted it as a phishing email. the same day my regular monthly payment was declined, so i called and was told my card had been canceled the day before. i followed a link ( sent to my phone ) to verify my identity and gave them a code to confirm it. they said they changed everything back to my information and i changed emails and passwords. today i logged back on and saw the address was not mine so i called and asked how someone could change my information from a phone call when i had to follow a link to my personal phone? the woman asked what address i wanted to change it to and i asked her how she knew who i was when i had to verify myself two days earlier? she asked what i wanted her to do so i again gave my correct address. i don't know if it wasn't changed on the xxxx or if it was changed again afterwards. as i've been changing my email address everywhere, on xxxx i saw a notice that my address had changed on my credit report. i was told by xxxx that it was under synchrony bank, which is what paypal used for my credit card. i called paypal and asked them to cancel the new card they were about to send out and to close my account.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993658661842346
}
