Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9076484,
  "complaint_id": "9076484",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I Closed my account with Capital One with a XXXX balance. After closing my account a charge was made to my closed card account. Having closed the account I was not aware of a charge until Capital One contacted me about a late fee on a balance due. I have called three times and have not received an explanation on how a charge could be made to a closed account but Capital One insists that I will continue to incur fees until I pay off the balance. I contacted the business that made the charge and they confirmed that the charge was made in error and rescinded the charge made to the Capital One card. However, Capital One still insists that I pay the fees and interest incurred from the incorrect charge that was made to my closed account and that I will continue to incur further late fees on the unpaid late fees from the charge that was rescinded.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "40047",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "KY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I Closed my account with Capital One with a XXXX balance. After closing my account a charge was made to my closed card account. Having closed the account I was not aware of a charge until Capital One contacted me about a late fee on a balance due. I have called three times and have not received an explanation on how a charge could be made to a closed account but Capital One insists that I will continue to incur fees until I pay off the balance. I contacted the business that made the charge and they confirmed that the charge was made in error and rescinded the charge made to the Capital One card. However, Capital One still insists that I pay the fees and interest incurred from the incorrect charge that was made to my closed account and that I will continue to incur further late fees on the unpaid late fees from the charge that was rescinded."
}

Chunk:
i closed my account with capital one with a xxxx balance. after closing my account a charge was made to my closed card account. having closed the account i was not aware of a charge until capital one contacted me about a late fee on a balance due. i have called three times and have not received an explanation on how a charge could be made to a closed account but capital one insists that i will continue to incur fees until i pay off the balance. i contacted the business that made the charge and they confirmed that the charge was made in error and rescinded the charge made to the capital one card. however, capital one still insists that i pay the fees and interest incurred from the incorrect charge that was made to my closed account and that i will continue to incur further late fees on the unpaid late fees from the charge that was rescinded.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9979870319366455
}
