Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9061087,
  "complaint_id": "9061087",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I had a credit card with Capital One for a small business that I own. Somehow they closed my account while it still had a balance and they had allegedly send me a notification which I didnt receive. I was out of the country and missed a payment when I tried to get The late fee waived they said that they couldnt as the account was closed. I then made a payment for the full balance of the account and assumed it was settled as I didnt receive any further notice from Capital one. Today, XXXX XXXX XXXX I login to the Capital One app and realized that I have a balance for late fees and interest. I contacted them to get the fees waived as I was not informed of these fees, never received a statement or any email stating so, to which they stated that they are not able to waive the fees and that I will keep getting charged until there is a XXXX balance. They told me that I had to call them to confirm that I didnt owe anything even though I made a payment for the account balance.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "30060",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I had a credit card with Capital One for a small business that I own. Somehow they closed my account while it still had a balance and they had allegedly send me a notification which I didnt receive. I was out of the country and missed a payment when I tried to get The late fee waived they said that they couldnt as the account was closed. I then made a payment for the full balance of the account and assumed it was settled as I didnt receive any further notice from Capital one. Today, XXXX XXXX XXXX I login to the Capital One app and realized that I have a balance for late fees and interest. I contacted them to get the fees waived as I was not informed of these fees, never received a statement or any email stating so, to which they stated that they are not able to waive the fees and that I will keep getting charged until there is a XXXX balance. They told me that I had to call them to confirm that I didnt owe anything even though I made a payment for the account balance."
}

Chunk:
i had a credit card with capital one for a small business that i own. somehow they closed my account while it still had a balance and they had allegedly send me a notification which i didnt receive. i was out of the country and missed a payment when i tried to get the late fee waived they said that they couldnt as the account was closed. i then made a payment for the full balance of the account and assumed it was settled as i didnt receive any further notice from capital one. today, xxxx xxxx xxxx i login to the capital one app and realized that i have a balance for late fees and interest. i contacted them to get the fees waived as i was not informed of these fees, never received a statement or any email stating so, to which they stated that they are not able to waive the fees and that i will keep getting charged until there is a xxxx balance. they told me that i had to call them to confirm that i didnt owe anything even though i made a payment for the account balance.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992408752441406
}
