Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9119697,
  "complaint_id": "9119697",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I purchased pants from XXXX  & quickly realized that the address was an address I have not lived in since 2022. I reached out to the customer support team at XXXX  and they told me to reach out the XXXX to have the address updated. XXXX said they can not update the address since I do not live at the address. I went back to the merchant and they told me to go back to XXXX. At this point the package had shipped & was delivered to the old address. I reached out to the old address & they said they sent it back to the merchant since I do not live at that address. I reach back out to the merchant a week later and there was no update & they refused to refund. This is when I escalated it to my credit card, Apple Card, & disputed it. The first time I disputed, according to the chat specialist, it was denied because the information I provided showing proof I have not lived at that address since XXXX  was never added. The second time it was denied, it was supposedly because the information was not added correctly. This third time it was supposedly denied was because it was again not added correctly. It has now been denied a fourth time & I am unable to connect with someone who had more information on why it keeps getting denied when I have clearly shown I have not lived at that address since XXXX.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "10001",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA",
  "date_received": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I purchased pants from XXXX  & quickly realized that the address was an address I have not lived in since 2022. I reached out to the customer support team at XXXX  and they told me to reach out the XXXX to have the address updated. XXXX said they can not update the address since I do not live at the address. I went back to the merchant and they told me to go back to XXXX. At this point the package had shipped & was delivered to the old address. I reached out to the old address & they said they sent it back to the merchant since I do not live at that address. I reach back out to the merchant a week later and there was no update & they refused to refund. This is when I escalated it to my credit card, Apple Card, & disputed it. The first time I disputed, according to the chat specialist, it was denied because the information I provided showing proof I have not lived at that address since XXXX  was never added. The second time it was denied, it was supposedly because the information was not added correctly. This third time it was supposedly denied was because it was again not added correctly. It has now been denied a fourth time & I am unable to connect with someone who had more information on why it keeps getting denied when I have clearly shown I have not lived at that address since XXXX."
}

Chunk:
i purchased pants from xxxx & quickly realized that the address was an address i have not lived in since 2022. i reached out to the customer support team at xxxx and they told me to reach out the xxxx to have the address updated. xxxx said they can not update the address since i do not live at the address. i went back to the merchant and they told me to go back to xxxx. at this point the package had shipped & was delivered to the old address. i reached out to the old address & they said they sent it back to the merchant since i do not live at that address. i reach back out to the merchant a week later and there was no update & they refused to refund. this is when i escalated it to my credit card, apple card, & disputed it. the first time i disputed, according to the chat specialist, it was denied because the information i provided showing proof i have not lived at that address since xxxx was never added. the second time it was denied, it was supposedly because the information was not added correctly. this third time it was supposedly denied was because it was again not added correctly. it has now been denied a fourth time & i am unable to connect with someone who had more information on why it keeps getting denied when i have clearly shown i have not lived at that address since xxxx.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992234706878662
}
