Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9202576,
  "complaint_id": "9202576",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Despite having an ongoing dispute with Bank of America XXXX Bank of America sold or assigned this account to a third party debt collector who has filed a lawsuit against me at the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. Bank of America has refused to provide me with all of the required information for this account that I have repeatedly requested since XXXX. Please see attached correspondence for my most resent request. It is unclear whether the law firm that has sued me over this account has been assigned or was sold this account. This account in actual fact has a CREDT balance that is owed to me when Bank of America, against its own internal procedures and the rules governing the XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, reversed an ACH transaction to my checking account and then tried to construe it as a different kind of transaction. This was done after the funds had been in my account for over XXXX  days, which is long after the time period to initiate a reversal. Bank of America then had the audacity to reverse payments to my credit card, which had a CREDIT balance on it owed to me. Bank of America must provide the requested information for all of my accounts and return all securities issued from my numerical identifiers and accounts to me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "954XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "Despite having an ongoing dispute with Bank of America XXXX Bank of America sold or assigned this account to a third party debt collector who has filed a lawsuit against me at the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. Bank of America has refused to provide me with all of the required information for this account that I have repeatedly requested since XXXX. Please see attached correspondence for my most resent request. It is unclear whether the law firm that has sued me over this account has been assigned or was sold this account. This account in actual fact has a CREDT balance that is owed to me when Bank of America, against its own internal procedures and the rules governing the XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, reversed an ACH transaction to my checking account and then tried to construe it as a different kind of transaction. This was done after the funds had been in my account for over XXXX  days, which is long after the time period to initiate a reversal. Bank of America then had the audacity to reverse payments to my credit card, which had a CREDIT balance on it owed to me. Bank of America must provide the requested information for all of my accounts and return all securities issued from my numerical identifiers and accounts to me."
}

Chunk:
despite having an ongoing dispute with bank of america xxxx bank of america sold or assigned this account to a third party debt collector who has filed a lawsuit against me at the xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx. bank of america has refused to provide me with all of the required information for this account that i have repeatedly requested since xxxx. please see attached correspondence for my most resent request. it is unclear whether the law firm that has sued me over this account has been assigned or was sold this account. this account in actual fact has a credt balance that is owed to me when bank of america, against its own internal procedures and the rules governing the xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx, reversed an ach transaction to my checking account and then tried to construe it as a different kind of transaction. this was done after the funds had been in my account for over xxxx days, which is long after the time period to initiate a reversal. bank of america then had the audacity to reverse payments to my credit card, which had a credit balance on it owed to me. bank of america must provide the requested information for all of my accounts and return all securities issued from my numerical identifiers and accounts to me.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9986477494239807
}
