Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9222818,
  "complaint_id": "9222818",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I applied for a credit card with Wells Fargo. I am an existing customer and have a checking account with them. This was my first time applying for one of their credit cards. I was approved for the card last month, but never received it. However, a bill statement was mailed to me. I called the customer service number on the bill statement and informed the rude representative that I never received the card. I have since moved from my old address and all my mail has been forwarded to a XXXX XXXX XXXX This XXXX XXXX is listed as my mailing address for the bank. I have received my mail from the bank without issue to the XXXX XXXX XXXX I verified both addresses with the representative, but she just rudely kept cutting me off and asking to change my address when my mailing address was already clearly on record. The conversation was difficult, and I elected to end the call and start over. I suspect this first representative placed a fraud alert on my account because when I called back, the second representative stated that he could not issue me a replacement card and I was transferred to a fraud detection department. I asked the fraud detection agent if it was normal practice for customers to have to speak to the fraud detection department to request a replacement card. I felt like I was being interrogated by the police for a credit card that I never received. The agent was not going to issue me a card unless I submitted to his interrogation. I was not reporting any unauthorized transactions and there was no activity on the account because I never received the physical card. I subsequently decided to close the account. I believe Wells Fargo routinely engages in discriminatory practices with certain groups of people. It has become abundantly clear that they are not interested in doing business with XXXX customers.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "21045",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-10T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MD",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem getting a working replacement card",
  "text": "I applied for a credit card with Wells Fargo. I am an existing customer and have a checking account with them. This was my first time applying for one of their credit cards. I was approved for the card last month, but never received it. However, a bill statement was mailed to me. I called the customer service number on the bill statement and informed the rude representative that I never received the card. I have since moved from my old address and all my mail has been forwarded to a XXXX XXXX XXXX This XXXX XXXX is listed as my mailing address for the bank. I have received my mail from the bank without issue to the XXXX XXXX XXXX I verified both addresses with the representative, but she just rudely kept cutting me off and asking to change my address when my mailing address was already clearly on record. The conversation was difficult, and I elected to end the call and start over. I suspect this first representative placed a fraud alert on my account because when I called back, the second representative stated that he could not issue me a replacement card and I was transferred to a fraud detection department. I asked the fraud detection agent if it was normal practice for customers to have to speak to the fraud detection department to request a replacement card. I felt like I was being interrogated by the police for a credit card that I never received. The agent was not going to issue me a card unless I submitted to his interrogation. I was not reporting any unauthorized transactions and there was no activity on the account because I never received the physical card. I subsequently decided to close the account. I believe Wells Fargo routinely engages in discriminatory practices with certain groups of people. It has become abundantly clear that they are not interested in doing business with XXXX customers."
}

Chunk:
i applied for a credit card with wells fargo. i am an existing customer and have a checking account with them. this was my first time applying for one of their credit cards. i was approved for the card last month, but never received it. however, a bill statement was mailed to me. i called the customer service number on the bill statement and informed the rude representative that i never received the card. i have since moved from my old address and all my mail has been forwarded to a xxxx xxxx xxxx this xxxx xxxx is listed as my mailing address for the bank. i have received my mail from the bank without issue to the xxxx xxxx xxxx i verified both addresses with the representative, but she just rudely kept cutting me off and asking to change my address when my mailing address was already clearly on record. the conversation was difficult, and i elected to end the call and start over. i suspect this first representative placed a fraud alert on my account because when i called back, the second representative stated that he could not issue me a replacement card and i was transferred to a fraud detection department. i asked the fraud detection agent if it was normal practice for customers to have to speak to the fraud detection department to request a replacement card. i felt like i was being interrogated by the police for a credit card that i never received. the agent was not going to issue me a card unless i submitted to his interrogation. i was not reporting any unauthorized transactions and there was no activity on the account because i never received the physical card. i subsequently decided to close the account. i believe wells fargo routinely engages in discriminatory practices with certain groups of people. it has become abundantly clear that they are not interested in doing business with xxxx customers.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995077848434448
}
