Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9006906,
  "complaint_id": "9006906",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I was on XXXX XXXX an got alert to find ways to improve my score they said to add a new credit card from one of there partners it will not affect my credit score so I applied for a card through capital one because I have one card with them. So they did a hard credit pull an declined me I had a score of XXXX an XXXX an lost points on both. XXXX XXXX should not have the write to say will not affect your score then you loose points. Capital said they declined say my card balances was way to high an to new of account. Which are both incorrect according to XXXX an XXXX so I lost points on both if I knew there would be hard pull an loose points I would not have applied the only reason I did is XXXX XXXX  said will not affect your score",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Improper use of your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "289XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit inquiries on your report that you don't recognize",
  "text": "I was on XXXX XXXX an got alert to find ways to improve my score they said to add a new credit card from one of there partners it will not affect my credit score so I applied for a card through capital one because I have one card with them. So they did a hard credit pull an declined me I had a score of XXXX an XXXX an lost points on both. XXXX XXXX should not have the write to say will not affect your score then you loose points. Capital said they declined say my card balances was way to high an to new of account. Which are both incorrect according to XXXX an XXXX so I lost points on both if I knew there would be hard pull an loose points I would not have applied the only reason I did is XXXX XXXX  said will not affect your score"
}

Chunk:
i was on xxxx xxxx an got alert to find ways to improve my score they said to add a new credit card from one of there partners it will not affect my credit score so i applied for a card through capital one because i have one card with them. so they did a hard credit pull an declined me i had a score of xxxx an xxxx an lost points on both. xxxx xxxx should not have the write to say will not affect your score then you loose points. capital said they declined say my card balances was way to high an to new of account. which are both incorrect according to xxxx an xxxx so i lost points on both if i knew there would be hard pull an loose points i would not have applied the only reason i did is xxxx xxxx said will not affect your score

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993155002593994
}
