Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9682348,
  "complaint_id": "9682348",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/2024, my credit union bank account was charged {$3800.00} by Citibank for my new credit card account with Citibank. This was a new card for a XXXX % APR balance transfer. I did not authorize a payment in this amount and I don't think any payment was even due yet, as it was a new card. I would have only authorized the minimun due at this time if there was a minimum amount due. I called Citibank and asked for the charge to be reversed. They said that I have to call back after XX/XX/XXXX because there is a hold on the payment. I called back same day to speak with someone else who might be able to explain to me why there was a hold. I was told by the XXXX person that it was still in processs and I have to wait for it to clear before they can reverse it. I told the representative that it has already cleared my bank account and my account is now overdrawn. I have automatic payments and bills due that will not clear my account because of this unauthorized charge. I called my credit union to dispute the charge and was told that because CITIbank said that they will reverse the charge, I have to wait and try to resolve this with them directly before I can dispute the charge on the credit union side. I am also wondering if the reversal of the payment might cause some complication in the zero % balance transfer APR, if they may consider it a transaction since it is now a payment reversal and this might be a bait and switch scam to charge interest. I am paid monthly and so my account will remain overdrawn until this is resolved and I will not be able to pay any bills or expenses from my checking account. I was not given any satisfactory explanation as to the reason this payment/charge occured and why they can not reverse it right away. They claim it is still processing but it has already cleared my bank account. It is not a pending charge on my bank account, it is a full charge. This is a CITIbank XXXX prefered credit card, XXXX % APR balance transfer, last XXXX digits of account XXXX. CITIbank XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-08-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "80233",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-08-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CO",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "On XX/XX/2024, my credit union bank account was charged {$3800.00} by Citibank for my new credit card account with Citibank. This was a new card for a XXXX % APR balance transfer. I did not authorize a payment in this amount and I don't think any payment was even due yet, as it was a new card. I would have only authorized the minimun due at this time if there was a minimum amount due. I called Citibank and asked for the charge to be reversed. They said that I have to call back after XX/XX/XXXX because there is a hold on the payment. I called back same day to speak with someone else who might be able to explain to me why there was a hold. I was told by the XXXX person that it was still in processs and I have to wait for it to clear before they can reverse it. I told the representative that it has already cleared my bank account and my account is now overdrawn. I have automatic payments and bills due that will not clear my account because of this unauthorized charge. I called my credit union to dispute the charge and was told that because CITIbank said that they will reverse the charge, I have to wait and try to resolve this with them directly before I can dispute the charge on the credit union side. I am also wondering if the reversal of the payment might cause some complication in the zero % balance transfer APR, if they may consider it a transaction since it is now a payment reversal and this might be a bait and switch scam to charge interest. I am paid monthly and so my account will remain overdrawn until this is resolved and I will not be able to pay any bills or expenses from my checking account. I was not given any satisfactory explanation as to the reason this payment/charge occured and why they can not reverse it right away. They claim it is still processing but it has already cleared my bank account. It is not a pending charge on my bank account, it is a full charge. This is a CITIbank XXXX prefered credit card, XXXX % APR balance transfer, last XXXX digits of account XXXX. CITIbank XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / 2024, my credit union bank account was charged { $ 3800. 00 } by citibank for my new credit card account with citibank. this was a new card for a xxxx % apr balance transfer. i did not authorize a payment in this amount and i don't think any payment was even due yet, as it was a new card. i would have only authorized the minimun due at this time if there was a minimum amount due. i called citibank and asked for the charge to be reversed. they said that i have to call back after xx / xx / xxxx because there is a hold on the payment. i called back same day to speak with someone else who might be able to explain to me why there was a hold. i was told by the xxxx person that it was still in processs and i have to wait for it to clear before they can reverse it. i told the representative that it has already cleared my bank account and my account is now overdrawn. i have automatic payments and bills due that will not clear my account because of this unauthorized charge. i called my credit union to dispute the charge and was told that because citibank said that they will reverse the charge, i have to wait and try to resolve this with them directly before i can dispute the charge on the credit union side. i am also wondering if the reversal of the payment might cause some complication in the zero % balance transfer apr, if they may consider it a transaction since it is now a payment reversal and this might be a bait and switch scam to charge interest. i am paid monthly and so my account will remain overdrawn until this is resolved and i will not be able to pay any bills or expenses from my checking account. i was not given any satisfactory explanation as to the reason this payment / charge occured and why they can not reverse it right away. they claim it is still processing but it has already cleared my bank account. it is not a pending charge on my bank account, it is a full charge. this is a citibank xxxx prefered credit card, xxxx % apr balance transfer, last xxxx digits of account xxxx. citibank xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995775818824768
}
