Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9309301,
  "complaint_id": "9309301",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "If I am reading my statements correctly, it appears Bank of America has been incorrectly calculating interest payments on my credit card account since at least XXXX of last year. The amount that I am being charged interest on often exceeds both the previous and current balance. Having made no purchases or cash withdrawals on this card as evidenced on said statements, the amount of interest I'm being charged on cash withdrawals increases every month along with the minimum payment due, despite the total balance going down. Normally, I would assume this is the kind of thing you could get cleared with a 10 minute phone call. Prior to this incident, I have nothing but praise for Bank of America. Why would Bank of America want steal money from a customer who never misses a payment, is carrying a balance, and prior to recently being the target of coordinated fraud; maintained a credit score over XXXX. However, XXXX XXXX  really made their point with the statement error notifications. Notifications wherein, purchases incorrectly classified as fraud are placed next to unrefunded XXXX 's purchases they eventually reverse, are referred to statement errors. I assume the emails with XXXX XXXX promising myself I wouldn't be dealing with XXXX and XXXX XXXX calling me uncivil right before needing to stop XXXX  from stealing more packages was helpful.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "490XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Overcharged for something you did purchase with the card",
  "text": "If I am reading my statements correctly, it appears Bank of America has been incorrectly calculating interest payments on my credit card account since at least XXXX of last year. The amount that I am being charged interest on often exceeds both the previous and current balance. Having made no purchases or cash withdrawals on this card as evidenced on said statements, the amount of interest I'm being charged on cash withdrawals increases every month along with the minimum payment due, despite the total balance going down. Normally, I would assume this is the kind of thing you could get cleared with a 10 minute phone call. Prior to this incident, I have nothing but praise for Bank of America. Why would Bank of America want steal money from a customer who never misses a payment, is carrying a balance, and prior to recently being the target of coordinated fraud; maintained a credit score over XXXX. However, XXXX XXXX  really made their point with the statement error notifications. Notifications wherein, purchases incorrectly classified as fraud are placed next to unrefunded XXXX 's purchases they eventually reverse, are referred to statement errors. I assume the emails with XXXX XXXX promising myself I wouldn't be dealing with XXXX and XXXX XXXX calling me uncivil right before needing to stop XXXX  from stealing more packages was helpful."
}

Chunk:
if i am reading my statements correctly, it appears bank of america has been incorrectly calculating interest payments on my credit card account since at least xxxx of last year. the amount that i am being charged interest on often exceeds both the previous and current balance. having made no purchases or cash withdrawals on this card as evidenced on said statements, the amount of interest i'm being charged on cash withdrawals increases every month along with the minimum payment due, despite the total balance going down. normally, i would assume this is the kind of thing you could get cleared with a 10 minute phone call. prior to this incident, i have nothing but praise for bank of america. why would bank of america want steal money from a customer who never misses a payment, is carrying a balance, and prior to recently being the target of coordinated fraud ; maintained a credit score over xxxx. however, xxxx xxxx really made their point with the statement error notifications. notifications wherein, purchases incorrectly classified as fraud are placed next to unrefunded xxxx's purchases they eventually reverse, are referred to statement errors. i assume the emails with xxxx xxxx promising myself i wouldn't be dealing with xxxx and xxxx xxxx calling me uncivil right before needing to stop xxxx from stealing more packages was helpful.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9967496395111084
}
