Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9301348,
  "complaint_id": "9301348",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Dear Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, I am writing to file a complaint regarding the practices of Synchrony Bank with my PayPal credit card. I made a payment on my account on XX/XX/XXXX, and while the payment has been credited to my account, the funds are not available for use until XX/XX/XXXX. This delay, almost a full billing cycle, is unprecedented and unreasonable. \n\nSynchrony Banks justification for this delay is that it is a normal practice in case I cancel my posted payment, which is not possible. I have never experienced such a problem with any other credit card. This delay has caused significant inconvenience ; for instance, I am unable to pay certain bills because my transactions keep getting declined, even though my balance is {$3.00}. The payment covered the full balance, and the card has a limit that is less than any other card I have, making this extended hold period even more baffling and unjustifiable. \n\nAdditionally, I have encountered issues with using the PayPal credit card at reputable car rental companies like XXXX and XXXX. They informed me that they can not accept this form of payment due to prior issues and the volume of problems they have had with this card. They would not provide any further details. This suggests there may be other questionable practices by Synchrony Bank that are affecting the acceptance of this card. \n\nWhen I contacted Synchrony Banks customer support, I was informed, with an unhelpful attitude, that this is standard practice. It is unacceptable and unheard of for a credit card company to withhold credit usage for such an extended period after a payment has been posted. This policy should be clearly communicated to all customers. \n\nI urge the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to investigate these practices, understand why these policies exist, and determine what consumer laws can be applied to protect customers like myself from such unfair treatment. Specifically, if a card is paid and the balance is fulfilled, why is the credit not released promptly? \n\nThank you for your attention to this matter. \n\nSincerely, XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "08054",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "Dear Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, I am writing to file a complaint regarding the practices of Synchrony Bank with my PayPal credit card. I made a payment on my account on XX/XX/XXXX, and while the payment has been credited to my account, the funds are not available for use until XX/XX/XXXX. This delay, almost a full billing cycle, is unprecedented and unreasonable. \n\nSynchrony Banks justification for this delay is that it is a normal practice in case I cancel my posted payment, which is not possible. I have never experienced such a problem with any other credit card. This delay has caused significant inconvenience ; for instance, I am unable to pay certain bills because my transactions keep getting declined, even though my balance is {$3.00}. The payment covered the full balance, and the card has a limit that is less than any other card I have, making this extended hold period even more baffling and unjustifiable. \n\nAdditionally, I have encountered issues with using the PayPal credit card at reputable car rental companies like XXXX and XXXX. They informed me that they can not accept this form of payment due to prior issues and the volume of problems they have had with this card. They would not provide any further details. This suggests there may be other questionable practices by Synchrony Bank that are affecting the acceptance of this card. \n\nWhen I contacted Synchrony Banks customer support, I was informed, with an unhelpful attitude, that this is standard practice. It is unacceptable and unheard of for a credit card company to withhold credit usage for such an extended period after a payment has been posted. This policy should be clearly communicated to all customers. \n\nI urge the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to investigate these practices, understand why these policies exist, and determine what consumer laws can be applied to protect customers like myself from such unfair treatment. Specifically, if a card is paid and the balance is fulfilled, why is the credit not released promptly? \n\nThank you for your attention to this matter. \n\nSincerely, XXXX"
}

Chunk:
dear consumer financial protection bureau, i am writing to file a complaint regarding the practices of synchrony bank with my paypal credit card. i made a payment on my account on xx / xx / xxxx, and while the payment has been credited to my account, the funds are not available for use until xx / xx / xxxx. this delay, almost a full billing cycle, is unprecedented and unreasonable. synchrony banks justification for this delay is that it is a normal practice in case i cancel my posted payment, which is not possible. i have never experienced such a problem with any other credit card. this delay has caused significant inconvenience ; for instance, i am unable to pay certain bills because my transactions keep getting declined, even though my balance is { $ 3. 00 }. the payment covered the full balance, and the card has a limit that is less than any other card i have, making this extended hold period even more baffling and unjustifiable. additionally, i have encountered issues with using the paypal credit card at reputable car rental companies like xxxx and xxxx. they informed me that they can not accept this form of payment due to prior issues and the volume of problems they have had with this card. they would not provide any further details. this suggests there may be other questionable practices by synchrony bank that are affecting the acceptance of this card. when i contacted synchrony banks customer support, i was informed, with an unhelpful attitude, that this is standard practice. it is unacceptable and unheard of for a credit card company to withhold credit usage for such an extended period after a payment has been posted. this policy should be clearly communicated to all customers. i urge the consumer financial protection bureau to investigate these practices, understand why these policies exist, and determine what consumer laws can be applied to protect customers like myself from such unfair treatment. specifically, if a card is paid and the balance is fulfilled, why is the credit not released promptly? thank you for your attention to this matter. sincerely, xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9987120628356934
}
