Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9531964,
  "complaint_id": "9531964",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "At approx XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, my cell number, account, and XXXX account were stolen. I watched it scroll across my cell, then it shut off. I immediately call Bank of America, and 2 other cards, from my landline XXXX, notified them, and froze accounts. BOA rep said \" You're in plenty of time, it takes 1-3 business days ''. I had no access to cell phone until it was restored by provider on XXXX. ( They provided a theft letter to me ). A charge was made on a Bank of America credit card for {$1600.00} to a XXXX XXXX XXXX. On XXXX, I went to local XXXX BOA XXXX spoke to rep, she called fraud department, gave me case #. During the next few days, I forwarded all info to local rep who mediated with home office. Got resolution letter that denied claim of theft/fraud, accused me of having \" an overdraft that money covered, in another account under my name. '' I dont bank with BOA. Have filed complaint with XXXX ( have case # ), Consumer Cellular ( have letter ), FTC ( have report ), Internet Crime XXXX ( have report ), Social Security, 3 credit bureaus ( all are frozen ), now CFPB. Next is local police, OIG, and my state AG. My name, SS # and overall well-being as a senior citizen has been violated, and BOA is treating me as a criminal. Any account they say I have with them or XXXX XXXX ( who I have never heard of ) is false and needs to be shut down as soon as possible. My personal bank in my town XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX handled the theft/fraud professionally, and I continue to provide them with info as I obtain it. This ends my complaint. XXXX XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "29485",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-07-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "SC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "At approx XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, my cell number, account, and XXXX account were stolen. I watched it scroll across my cell, then it shut off. I immediately call Bank of America, and 2 other cards, from my landline XXXX, notified them, and froze accounts. BOA rep said \" You're in plenty of time, it takes 1-3 business days ''. I had no access to cell phone until it was restored by provider on XXXX. ( They provided a theft letter to me ). A charge was made on a Bank of America credit card for {$1600.00} to a XXXX XXXX XXXX. On XXXX, I went to local XXXX BOA XXXX spoke to rep, she called fraud department, gave me case #. During the next few days, I forwarded all info to local rep who mediated with home office. Got resolution letter that denied claim of theft/fraud, accused me of having \" an overdraft that money covered, in another account under my name. '' I dont bank with BOA. Have filed complaint with XXXX ( have case # ), Consumer Cellular ( have letter ), FTC ( have report ), Internet Crime XXXX ( have report ), Social Security, 3 credit bureaus ( all are frozen ), now CFPB. Next is local police, OIG, and my state AG. My name, SS # and overall well-being as a senior citizen has been violated, and BOA is treating me as a criminal. Any account they say I have with them or XXXX XXXX ( who I have never heard of ) is false and needs to be shut down as soon as possible. My personal bank in my town XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX handled the theft/fraud professionally, and I continue to provide them with info as I obtain it. This ends my complaint. XXXX XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
at approx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx, my cell number, account, and xxxx account were stolen. i watched it scroll across my cell, then it shut off. i immediately call bank of america, and 2 other cards, from my landline xxxx, notified them, and froze accounts. boa rep said " you're in plenty of time, it takes 1 - 3 business days''. i had no access to cell phone until it was restored by provider on xxxx. ( they provided a theft letter to me ). a charge was made on a bank of america credit card for { $ 1600. 00 } to a xxxx xxxx xxxx. on xxxx, i went to local xxxx boa xxxx spoke to rep, she called fraud department, gave me case #. during the next few days, i forwarded all info to local rep who mediated with home office. got resolution letter that denied claim of theft / fraud, accused me of having " an overdraft that money covered, in another account under my name.'' i dont bank with boa. have filed complaint with xxxx ( have case # ), consumer cellular ( have letter ), ftc ( have report ), internet crime xxxx ( have report ), social security, 3 credit bureaus ( all are frozen ), now cfpb. next is local police, oig, and my state ag. my name, ss # and overall well - being as a senior citizen has been violated, and boa is treating me as a criminal. any account they say i have with them or xxxx xxxx ( who i have never heard of ) is false and needs to be shut down as soon as possible. my personal bank in my town xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx handled the theft / fraud professionally, and i continue to provide them with info as i obtain it. this ends my complaint. xxxx xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9983030557632446
}
