Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9001452,
  "complaint_id": "9001452",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On Tuesday, XX/XX/2024, I visited my local Chase branch to open a credit card. I told the representative, XXXX XXXX ( Assistant Vice President, per business card I was given ), I was deciding between two specific cards, Sapphire Preferred ( {$95.00} annual fee ) and XXXX XXXX ( {$550.00} annual fee ). After discussing, I decided on the Preferred which has a lower annual fee but offered a higher signup bonus for opening in-branch. When I got home and added the card to my XXXX XXXX I noticed I was given a XXXX rather than a XXXX, which meant Id have to pay a higher annual fee and lose out on the higher in-branch sign up bonus, which wasnt offered with the XXXX \nI called XXXX back who confirmed and apologized for the mistake and told me there was nothing she could do so she transferred me to her manager, XXXX XXXX. XXXX stated that they couldnt do anything in-branch as they dont deal with credit cards but there was an unnamed department who he would escalate to and they would call me. I asked for a contact number so I could be sure the person who ultimately reached out to me was truly affiliated with Chase but he claimed there was no number to provide. \nI then called the general Chase customer service department and was ultimately transferred to a representative named XXXX. XXXX claimed there was nothing neither she nor her manager could do but asked if the branch manager ( XXXX XXXX offered to waive my first years annual fee. I said that wasnt offered but when I relayed this to her manager, XXXX, XXXX stated that the branch manager had no such authority and was puzzled as to why her employee, XXXX, suggested that. Throughout the process, every representative mentioned that if I wanted the XXXX card at this stage, the only option for me was to close the XXXX card and reapply for the XXXX, resulting in another credit check. I also asked if rather than getting the XXXX card, I could have the first years annual fee waived or if I could have the higher in-branch signup bonus applied to the XXXX but no one confirmed if this was possible, saying it would have to get escalated to the Marketing department. I confirmed that I wanted the case escalated as quickly as possible and I was given a case number but told I would only receive an update via physical mail within 7-14 business days. \nAt time of this complaint, I have yet to receive the electronic paperwork I filled out in the branch and am frankly puzzled that such a mistake could happen.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "85323",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AZ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Sent card you never applied for",
  "text": "On Tuesday, XX/XX/2024, I visited my local Chase branch to open a credit card. I told the representative, XXXX XXXX ( Assistant Vice President, per business card I was given ), I was deciding between two specific cards, Sapphire Preferred ( {$95.00} annual fee ) and XXXX XXXX ( {$550.00} annual fee ). After discussing, I decided on the Preferred which has a lower annual fee but offered a higher signup bonus for opening in-branch. When I got home and added the card to my XXXX XXXX I noticed I was given a XXXX rather than a XXXX, which meant Id have to pay a higher annual fee and lose out on the higher in-branch sign up bonus, which wasnt offered with the XXXX \nI called XXXX back who confirmed and apologized for the mistake and told me there was nothing she could do so she transferred me to her manager, XXXX XXXX. XXXX stated that they couldnt do anything in-branch as they dont deal with credit cards but there was an unnamed department who he would escalate to and they would call me. I asked for a contact number so I could be sure the person who ultimately reached out to me was truly affiliated with Chase but he claimed there was no number to provide. \nI then called the general Chase customer service department and was ultimately transferred to a representative named XXXX. XXXX claimed there was nothing neither she nor her manager could do but asked if the branch manager ( XXXX XXXX offered to waive my first years annual fee. I said that wasnt offered but when I relayed this to her manager, XXXX, XXXX stated that the branch manager had no such authority and was puzzled as to why her employee, XXXX, suggested that. Throughout the process, every representative mentioned that if I wanted the XXXX card at this stage, the only option for me was to close the XXXX card and reapply for the XXXX, resulting in another credit check. I also asked if rather than getting the XXXX card, I could have the first years annual fee waived or if I could have the higher in-branch signup bonus applied to the XXXX but no one confirmed if this was possible, saying it would have to get escalated to the Marketing department. I confirmed that I wanted the case escalated as quickly as possible and I was given a case number but told I would only receive an update via physical mail within 7-14 business days. \nAt time of this complaint, I have yet to receive the electronic paperwork I filled out in the branch and am frankly puzzled that such a mistake could happen."
}

Chunk:
14 business days. at time of this complaint, i have yet to receive the electronic paperwork i filled out in the branch and am frankly puzzled that such a mistake could happen.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994138479232788
}
