Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9134602,
  "complaint_id": "9134602",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Made a payment on time on the XX/XX/year> and Im getting charged for a late payment. Please remove this from my report on all three credit report bureaus.\n\nAccording to the Fair Credit Reporting Act 15 USC 1681 section 602 a states \" There is a need to insure that consumer reporting agencies exercise their grave responsibilities with fairness, impartiality, and a respect for the consumers right to privacy. '' XXXX and XXXX are consumer reporting agencies and I am the Consumer. I have the right to make sure my private information isn't shared which is backed by 15 USC 6801 which states '' It is the policy of the Congress that each financial institution has an affirmative and continuing obligation to respect the privacy of its customers and to protect the security and confidentiality of those customers nonpublic personal information. '' ( Home Depot Credit Card- Citi Bank ) is a financial institution by definition under that title. 15 USC 1681 section 604 a section 2 states that \" In general Subject to subsection ( c ), any consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report under the following circumstances and no other : in accordance with the written instructions of the consumer to whom it relates. '' ( Home Depot Credit Card/ Citibank ) the financial institution and the Consumer reporting agencies XXXX and XXXX do not have my consent to furnish this information and they surely do not have my written consent. Any and all consent to XXXX, XXXX, ( Home Depot Credit Card/ Citibank ) whether it be verbal, non-verbal, written, implied or otherwise is revoked. 15 USC 6802 ( b ) ( c ) states that \" A financial institution may not disclose nonpublic personal information to a nonaffiliated third party unless the consumer is given an explanation of how the consumer can exercise that nondisclosure option. '' ( Home Depot Credit Card/ Citibank ) Never informed me of my right to exercise my nondisclosure option. Not only that 15 USC 1681C ( a ) ( 5 ) states '' Except as authorized under subsection ( b ), no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information Any other adverse item of information, other than records of convictions of crimes which antedates the report by more than seven years. '' This account is an adverse item they are reporting again without my permission which is against the law. 15 U.S. Code 1681s2 ( A ) ( 1 ) A states \" A person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the person knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate. 15 U.S. Code 1681e states '' Every consumer reporting agency shall maintain reasonable procedures designed to avoid violations of section 1681c of this title and to limit the furnishing of consumer reports to the purposes listed under section 1681b of this title. XXXX and XXXX are not maintaining reasonable procedures. Also 12 CFR 1016.7 states that \" A consumer may exercise the right to opt out at any time. '' I am opting out of your reporting services.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "78617",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "Made a payment on time on the XX/XX/year> and Im getting charged for a late payment. Please remove this from my report on all three credit report bureaus.\n\nAccording to the Fair Credit Reporting Act 15 USC 1681 section 602 a states \" There is a need to insure that consumer reporting agencies exercise their grave responsibilities with fairness, impartiality, and a respect for the consumers right to privacy. '' XXXX and XXXX are consumer reporting agencies and I am the Consumer. I have the right to make sure my private information isn't shared which is backed by 15 USC 6801 which states '' It is the policy of the Congress that each financial institution has an affirmative and continuing obligation to respect the privacy of its customers and to protect the security and confidentiality of those customers nonpublic personal information. '' ( Home Depot Credit Card- Citi Bank ) is a financial institution by definition under that title. 15 USC 1681 section 604 a section 2 states that \" In general Subject to subsection ( c ), any consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report under the following circumstances and no other : in accordance with the written instructions of the consumer to whom it relates. '' ( Home Depot Credit Card/ Citibank ) the financial institution and the Consumer reporting agencies XXXX and XXXX do not have my consent to furnish this information and they surely do not have my written consent. Any and all consent to XXXX, XXXX, ( Home Depot Credit Card/ Citibank ) whether it be verbal, non-verbal, written, implied or otherwise is revoked. 15 USC 6802 ( b ) ( c ) states that \" A financial institution may not disclose nonpublic personal information to a nonaffiliated third party unless the consumer is given an explanation of how the consumer can exercise that nondisclosure option. '' ( Home Depot Credit Card/ Citibank ) Never informed me of my right to exercise my nondisclosure option. Not only that 15 USC 1681C ( a ) ( 5 ) states '' Except as authorized under subsection ( b ), no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information Any other adverse item of information, other than records of convictions of crimes which antedates the report by more than seven years. '' This account is an adverse item they are reporting again without my permission which is against the law. 15 U.S. Code 1681s2 ( A ) ( 1 ) A states \" A person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the person knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate. 15 U.S. Code 1681e states '' Every consumer reporting agency shall maintain reasonable procedures designed to avoid violations of section 1681c of this title and to limit the furnishing of consumer reports to the purposes listed under section 1681b of this title. XXXX and XXXX are not maintaining reasonable procedures. Also 12 CFR 1016.7 states that \" A consumer may exercise the right to opt out at any time. '' I am opting out of your reporting services."
}

Chunk:
1681s2 ( a ) ( 1 ) a states " a person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the person knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate. 15 u. s. code 1681e states'' every consumer reporting agency shall maintain reasonable procedures designed to avoid violations of section 1681c of this title and to limit the furnishing of consumer reports to the purposes listed under section 1681b of this title. xxxx and xxxx are not maintaining reasonable procedures. also 12 cfr 1016. 7 states that " a consumer may exercise the right to opt out at any time.'' i am opting out of your reporting services.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9956154823303223
}
