Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9146566,
  "complaint_id": "9146566",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/year>. I disputed over {$27000.00} of charges with USAA from the merchant XXXX. XXXX promised services and after multiple attempts to correct it with the merchant and how unsatisfied the quality of service that was given, even after listening to lead quality recorded conversations, looking at the XXXX with feed back from other agents on the team on what the leads were doing. XXXX did nothing they continued to take and ask for more money, they also lied about the general amount needed in a contract which i also shared with USAA when disputing the case. USAA sent documents to me with what the merchant sent them and why they were choosing their side and a in a few days I sent additional documents to USAA showing more evidence to including currents status of leads from agents, emails showing that i tried to reach out and let them know the leads were not quality, the false contract amount. And they still ruled with the merchant. Well here 's another issue on why i don't understand why they ruled in there favor. The same day I did a charge back with the same merchant with USAA I did for XXXX for the same dates and similar amounts, close to {$12000.00} as well for the same merchant. XXXX not only did a in depth investigation but the same documents the merchant sent USAA, they also sent chase. XXXX did not put a credit on my account until all documents were in and reviewed. When the documents came in from XXXX, XXXX reached out to me and said this is what they are saying, do you have anything else to support your case, I sent the same documents I sent to USAA and XXXX told me that because they can not prove the quality of leads that were coming in and the conversion than they would not rule in their favor as well as I did show I did reach out letting them know that nothing was converting and they lied about the contract amount. XXXX agreed in my favor on the dispute. So what i don't understand is how is it that i placed a dispute the same day with two different banks for the same merchant for the same issue and one banks rules in on my favor and the other on the merchants favor when all same supporting documents were given. Also, XXXX had a direct dispute department i could talk to about my open dispute. USAA had no dispute department i could speak to and all calls were monitored which they than relied all information. I don't understand with being a member with them for over 16 years and never had any issues with them and a veteran for the XXXX XXXX XXXX  for them to agree to allow to take {$27000.00} from someone is very insane to me, especially when they can look at my banking history and all the supporting documents i sent to them.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33647",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "UNITED SERVICES AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "On XX/XX/year>. I disputed over {$27000.00} of charges with USAA from the merchant XXXX. XXXX promised services and after multiple attempts to correct it with the merchant and how unsatisfied the quality of service that was given, even after listening to lead quality recorded conversations, looking at the XXXX with feed back from other agents on the team on what the leads were doing. XXXX did nothing they continued to take and ask for more money, they also lied about the general amount needed in a contract which i also shared with USAA when disputing the case. USAA sent documents to me with what the merchant sent them and why they were choosing their side and a in a few days I sent additional documents to USAA showing more evidence to including currents status of leads from agents, emails showing that i tried to reach out and let them know the leads were not quality, the false contract amount. And they still ruled with the merchant. Well here 's another issue on why i don't understand why they ruled in there favor. The same day I did a charge back with the same merchant with USAA I did for XXXX for the same dates and similar amounts, close to {$12000.00} as well for the same merchant. XXXX not only did a in depth investigation but the same documents the merchant sent USAA, they also sent chase. XXXX did not put a credit on my account until all documents were in and reviewed. When the documents came in from XXXX, XXXX reached out to me and said this is what they are saying, do you have anything else to support your case, I sent the same documents I sent to USAA and XXXX told me that because they can not prove the quality of leads that were coming in and the conversion than they would not rule in their favor as well as I did show I did reach out letting them know that nothing was converting and they lied about the contract amount. XXXX agreed in my favor on the dispute. So what i don't understand is how is it that i placed a dispute the same day with two different banks for the same merchant for the same issue and one banks rules in on my favor and the other on the merchants favor when all same supporting documents were given. Also, XXXX had a direct dispute department i could talk to about my open dispute. USAA had no dispute department i could speak to and all calls were monitored which they than relied all information. I don't understand with being a member with them for over 16 years and never had any issues with them and a veteran for the XXXX XXXX XXXX  for them to agree to allow to take {$27000.00} from someone is very insane to me, especially when they can look at my banking history and all the supporting documents i sent to them."
}

Chunk:
don't understand with being a member with them for over 16 years and never had any issues with them and a veteran for the xxxx xxxx xxxx for them to agree to allow to take { $ 27000. 00 } from someone is very insane to me, especially when they can look at my banking history and all the supporting documents i sent to them.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9864124059677124
}
