Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9077123,
  "complaint_id": "9077123",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On Wednesday, XX/XX/2024, I attempted to apply for credit with American First Finance in order to make an appliance purchase ( washer & dryer ) with XXXX XXXXXXXX  I started the application process by providing general information and some financial information. \nAfter a few screens, it asked for banking information in the form of my debit card. I supplied the requested information and pressed submit. Instead of moving forward, the application acted as if I entered some wrong data. I rechecked my card number, exp. date & cvv. Everything looked fine, so I hit submit again. The app still would not move forward. \nMy next instinct was to call my local store. I placed a call to the store in XXXX Ohio to see what insight they could give into the credit process. They suggested calling the credit granted, American First Finance at the number she would give me. \nI hung up with the store and called the provided number and had to navigate a phone tree to finally reach a live agent. I explained to the agent what I was experiencing and asked if they could provide an explanation. The explanation I was given, I wasn't prepared for. \nAccording to the phone representative, I was told because I chose to bank with XXXXXXXX XXXX my debit card or financial information would not be accepted because they did not recognize the XXXXXXXX XXXX  as a reputable financial institution. To utilize their service, you had to bank with a brick & mortar financial institution such as XXXX, XXXX or XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX \nI get that XXXX  is an online bank, but through this online institution, I have a checking account that accepts regular direct deposits, a savings account and a debit card that I can utilize in every store that I can think of ( XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, etc. ). \nI feel this company is unfairly limiting or granting credit based on unreasonable requirements. Why should they get to choose where I bank in order to utilize their services?",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "44146",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "American First Finance, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "OH",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Application denied",
  "text": "On Wednesday, XX/XX/2024, I attempted to apply for credit with American First Finance in order to make an appliance purchase ( washer & dryer ) with XXXX XXXXXXXX  I started the application process by providing general information and some financial information. \nAfter a few screens, it asked for banking information in the form of my debit card. I supplied the requested information and pressed submit. Instead of moving forward, the application acted as if I entered some wrong data. I rechecked my card number, exp. date & cvv. Everything looked fine, so I hit submit again. The app still would not move forward. \nMy next instinct was to call my local store. I placed a call to the store in XXXX Ohio to see what insight they could give into the credit process. They suggested calling the credit granted, American First Finance at the number she would give me. \nI hung up with the store and called the provided number and had to navigate a phone tree to finally reach a live agent. I explained to the agent what I was experiencing and asked if they could provide an explanation. The explanation I was given, I wasn't prepared for. \nAccording to the phone representative, I was told because I chose to bank with XXXXXXXX XXXX my debit card or financial information would not be accepted because they did not recognize the XXXXXXXX XXXX  as a reputable financial institution. To utilize their service, you had to bank with a brick & mortar financial institution such as XXXX, XXXX or XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX \nI get that XXXX  is an online bank, but through this online institution, I have a checking account that accepts regular direct deposits, a savings account and a debit card that I can utilize in every store that I can think of ( XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, etc. ). \nI feel this company is unfairly limiting or granting credit based on unreasonable requirements. Why should they get to choose where I bank in order to utilize their services?"
}

Chunk:
on wednesday, xx / xx / 2024, i attempted to apply for credit with american first finance in order to make an appliance purchase ( washer & dryer ) with xxxx xxxxxxxx i started the application process by providing general information and some financial information. after a few screens, it asked for banking information in the form of my debit card. i supplied the requested information and pressed submit. instead of moving forward, the application acted as if i entered some wrong data. i rechecked my card number, exp. date & cvv. everything looked fine, so i hit submit again. the app still would not move forward. my next instinct was to call my local store. i placed a call to the store in xxxx ohio to see what insight they could give into the credit process. they suggested calling the credit granted, american first finance at the number she would give me. i hung up with the store and called the provided number and had to navigate a phone tree to finally reach a live agent. i explained to the agent what i was experiencing and asked if they could provide an explanation. the explanation i was given, i wasn't prepared for. according to the phone representative, i was told because i chose to bank with xxxxxxxx xxxx my debit card or financial information would not be accepted because they did not recognize the xxxxxxxx xxxx as a reputable financial institution. to utilize their service, you had to bank with a brick & mortar financial institution such as xxxx, xxxx or xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx i get that xxxx is an online bank, but through this online institution, i have a checking account that accepts regular direct deposits, a savings account and a debit card that i can utilize in every store that i can think of ( xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, etc. ). i feel this company is unfairly limiting or granting credit based on unreasonable requirements. why should they get to choose where i bank in order to utilize their services?

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993564486503601
}
