Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9239627,
  "complaint_id": "9239627",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I was working with a web site designer or so I thought and we had constant communication and then they charged my account {$1900.00} and they havent contacted me since. I informed capital one and sent them all documents they requested and they gave me a credit. I found about a month and a half later they reinstated the charge so I called capital one again and they told me if I wrote a hand written letter as to what to what happened that will be all the additional paperwork they require and that they would credit the account permanently. Well last night I saw they reinstated the charge again so I called again for the third time. By this time I was extremely upset that they keep lying and telling me the charge wont be reinstated but here we are again. They said I did not answer yet another letter which I did not see asking for the same information I had already submitted. Now they wont give me a credit and they said I have to pay for a service that I never received. Absolutely disgraceful",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "283XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I was working with a web site designer or so I thought and we had constant communication and then they charged my account {$1900.00} and they havent contacted me since. I informed capital one and sent them all documents they requested and they gave me a credit. I found about a month and a half later they reinstated the charge so I called capital one again and they told me if I wrote a hand written letter as to what to what happened that will be all the additional paperwork they require and that they would credit the account permanently. Well last night I saw they reinstated the charge again so I called again for the third time. By this time I was extremely upset that they keep lying and telling me the charge wont be reinstated but here we are again. They said I did not answer yet another letter which I did not see asking for the same information I had already submitted. Now they wont give me a credit and they said I have to pay for a service that I never received. Absolutely disgraceful"
}

Chunk:
i was working with a web site designer or so i thought and we had constant communication and then they charged my account { $ 1900. 00 } and they havent contacted me since. i informed capital one and sent them all documents they requested and they gave me a credit. i found about a month and a half later they reinstated the charge so i called capital one again and they told me if i wrote a hand written letter as to what to what happened that will be all the additional paperwork they require and that they would credit the account permanently. well last night i saw they reinstated the charge again so i called again for the third time. by this time i was extremely upset that they keep lying and telling me the charge wont be reinstated but here we are again. they said i did not answer yet another letter which i did not see asking for the same information i had already submitted. now they wont give me a credit and they said i have to pay for a service that i never received. absolutely disgraceful

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990187883377075
}
