Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9020681,
  "complaint_id": "9020681",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX I logged into CapitalOne.com to make a payment on my PotteryBarn Visa Credit Card, and was notified the account was closed. When I call the bank I spoke with XXXX who stated the company sent a notification to me on XX/XX/XXXX to indicate I needed to provide updated income and employment status. XXXX initially stated this request was sent to my email, when I advised that no such email was received, he then stated it was sent postal mail. I advised that no such piece of mail was received from Capital One. He then repeated the methods he claimed I was notified, however, was unable to produce evidence that either had actually occurred. \n\nI advised XXXX that I regularly ( almost every 90 days ) receive notification when I log into their website requesting this information be provided, and I have provided the information every time it has been requested. I asked XXXX to provide the last date I provided this information to Capital One, and he advised they do not track this information and he could not provide it. \n\nI then requested to be transferred to a supervisor, and spoke to XXXX XXXX located in XXXX, Florida. XXXX XXXX ( XXXX, Florida ) advised an electronic document is in my documents folder when logged in, no such document exists. XXXX XXXX confirmed that the website prompts for income/employment information when required by bank, advised that I have no such prompt on any cards and XXXX XXXX agreed that I would have had to provide information to make prompt go away, however, she is unable to determine when was the last time the income/employment information was updated. \n- Placed on hold why XXXX XXXX determines what can be done to the account to restore them - Immediately after ending call with XXXX XXXX, I received an email notification to update my income and employment information from CapitalOne. When I updated my information online ALL credit cards associated with my profile were updated. \n- XXXX call received on XXXX @ XXXX EST Team does not handle account requests. Verified mailing address. Escalated for further review. \no 7 to 10 business days more - XXXX called on XXXX @ XXXX XXXX o Working customer accounts team, information was updated but yet the accounts were closed. \n- Spoke with XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX @ XXXX EST o Advised that the bank has made the decision to not reopen the accounts because the information has not been provided. I advised him that the information was provided on XX/XX/XXXX to XXXX XXXX, and subsequently at the exact same time updated online. He simply restated that I never provided the information, and when I again requested when the last time this information was provided to Capital One, he stated he could not discuss this any further. When I pressed to speak with someone who could provide this information, he simply stated \" the bank has made it's decision and you can not speak with anyone else ''. \n\nCapital One has violated truth in lending regulations, and arbitrarily closed an account without providing any opportunity to resolve the issue. Furthermore, the bank has openly refused to correct the error or even provide information when asked about how their income verification process is tracked.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "33441",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX I logged into CapitalOne.com to make a payment on my PotteryBarn Visa Credit Card, and was notified the account was closed. When I call the bank I spoke with XXXX who stated the company sent a notification to me on XX/XX/XXXX to indicate I needed to provide updated income and employment status. XXXX initially stated this request was sent to my email, when I advised that no such email was received, he then stated it was sent postal mail. I advised that no such piece of mail was received from Capital One. He then repeated the methods he claimed I was notified, however, was unable to produce evidence that either had actually occurred. \n\nI advised XXXX that I regularly ( almost every 90 days ) receive notification when I log into their website requesting this information be provided, and I have provided the information every time it has been requested. I asked XXXX to provide the last date I provided this information to Capital One, and he advised they do not track this information and he could not provide it. \n\nI then requested to be transferred to a supervisor, and spoke to XXXX XXXX located in XXXX, Florida. XXXX XXXX ( XXXX, Florida ) advised an electronic document is in my documents folder when logged in, no such document exists. XXXX XXXX confirmed that the website prompts for income/employment information when required by bank, advised that I have no such prompt on any cards and XXXX XXXX agreed that I would have had to provide information to make prompt go away, however, she is unable to determine when was the last time the income/employment information was updated. \n- Placed on hold why XXXX XXXX determines what can be done to the account to restore them - Immediately after ending call with XXXX XXXX, I received an email notification to update my income and employment information from CapitalOne. When I updated my information online ALL credit cards associated with my profile were updated. \n- XXXX call received on XXXX @ XXXX EST Team does not handle account requests. Verified mailing address. Escalated for further review. \no 7 to 10 business days more - XXXX called on XXXX @ XXXX XXXX o Working customer accounts team, information was updated but yet the accounts were closed. \n- Spoke with XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX @ XXXX EST o Advised that the bank has made the decision to not reopen the accounts because the information has not been provided. I advised him that the information was provided on XX/XX/XXXX to XXXX XXXX, and subsequently at the exact same time updated online. He simply restated that I never provided the information, and when I again requested when the last time this information was provided to Capital One, he stated he could not discuss this any further. When I pressed to speak with someone who could provide this information, he simply stated \" the bank has made it's decision and you can not speak with anyone else ''. \n\nCapital One has violated truth in lending regulations, and arbitrarily closed an account without providing any opportunity to resolve the issue. Furthermore, the bank has openly refused to correct the error or even provide information when asked about how their income verification process is tracked."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx to xxxx xxxx, and subsequently at the exact same time updated online. he simply restated that i never provided the information, and when i again requested when the last time this information was provided to capital one, he stated he could not discuss this any further. when i pressed to speak with someone who could provide this information, he simply stated " the bank has made it's decision and you can not speak with anyone else''. capital one has violated truth in lending regulations, and arbitrarily closed an account without providing any opportunity to resolve the issue. furthermore, the bank has openly refused to correct the error or even provide information when asked about how their income verification process is tracked.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994829893112183
}
