Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9134340,
  "complaint_id": "9134340",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I initially was provided with a credit card through Bank of America. I transferred a balance from another higher interest card. After I did that Bank of America reduced my credit limit multiple times even though all payments were made timely through auto-withdrawal. One payment was delayed for a few days because I had to close a checking account and reopen another due to fraud. \n\nEvery time they reduce the credit limit it negatively impacts my credit report and credit score. This should not be legal if a consumer has paid timely with no issue with the company. \n\nThe company basically is providing misleading information. I have spoken to the company and they indicated that the only thing I could do was to request that my credit limit be increased back to what it was and they may or may not grant it.\n\nI would ask that my credit limit be increased back to what was originally provided so that it does not negatively indicate my credit report by reducing my available credit. I feel that I was taken advantage of by utilizing bait and switch by providing a certain credit limit. I would not have switched companies if I had known they were going to do this and would subsequent negatively impact my credit.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "121XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "I initially was provided with a credit card through Bank of America. I transferred a balance from another higher interest card. After I did that Bank of America reduced my credit limit multiple times even though all payments were made timely through auto-withdrawal. One payment was delayed for a few days because I had to close a checking account and reopen another due to fraud. \n\nEvery time they reduce the credit limit it negatively impacts my credit report and credit score. This should not be legal if a consumer has paid timely with no issue with the company. \n\nThe company basically is providing misleading information. I have spoken to the company and they indicated that the only thing I could do was to request that my credit limit be increased back to what it was and they may or may not grant it.\n\nI would ask that my credit limit be increased back to what was originally provided so that it does not negatively indicate my credit report by reducing my available credit. I feel that I was taken advantage of by utilizing bait and switch by providing a certain credit limit. I would not have switched companies if I had known they were going to do this and would subsequent negatively impact my credit."
}

Chunk:
i initially was provided with a credit card through bank of america. i transferred a balance from another higher interest card. after i did that bank of america reduced my credit limit multiple times even though all payments were made timely through auto - withdrawal. one payment was delayed for a few days because i had to close a checking account and reopen another due to fraud. every time they reduce the credit limit it negatively impacts my credit report and credit score. this should not be legal if a consumer has paid timely with no issue with the company. the company basically is providing misleading information. i have spoken to the company and they indicated that the only thing i could do was to request that my credit limit be increased back to what it was and they may or may not grant it. i would ask that my credit limit be increased back to what was originally provided so that it does not negatively indicate my credit report by reducing my available credit. i feel that i was taken advantage of by utilizing bait and switch by providing a certain credit limit. i would not have switched companies if i had known they were going to do this and would subsequent negatively impact my credit.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995443224906921
}
