Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9378036,
  "complaint_id": "9378036",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I opened a Credit card for Best Buy in XXXX. XXXX years later, I was notified by mail that there had been a lawsuit, and upon looking more closely at my statement I noticed I had been charged by XXXX. I did not recall consenting to this additional fee. I followed the steps outlined to end that \" XXXX XXXX '' account and get the fees dropped. I was told that the account was canceled. After that, I had charged some large purchases to the Best Buy card and set the payment to autopay. To my surprise, I was recently notified via XXXX XXXX  that my Best Buy card was over 90 % utilized. It would appear that I have unknowlingly been charged fees every month for \" XXXX XXXX  '' that I don't remember signing up for or agreeing, not to mention canceled years ago. Apparently it was never canceled, and because of this recurring fee my card is just about maxxed out. I called Best Buy had to go through a few hoops to be transferred to the correct department and told, again, that subscrition is canceled. However, I was not offered any sort of retribution.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Add-on products and services",
  "text": "I opened a Credit card for Best Buy in XXXX. XXXX years later, I was notified by mail that there had been a lawsuit, and upon looking more closely at my statement I noticed I had been charged by XXXX. I did not recall consenting to this additional fee. I followed the steps outlined to end that \" XXXX XXXX '' account and get the fees dropped. I was told that the account was canceled. After that, I had charged some large purchases to the Best Buy card and set the payment to autopay. To my surprise, I was recently notified via XXXX XXXX  that my Best Buy card was over 90 % utilized. It would appear that I have unknowlingly been charged fees every month for \" XXXX XXXX  '' that I don't remember signing up for or agreeing, not to mention canceled years ago. Apparently it was never canceled, and because of this recurring fee my card is just about maxxed out. I called Best Buy had to go through a few hoops to be transferred to the correct department and told, again, that subscrition is canceled. However, I was not offered any sort of retribution."
}

Chunk:
i opened a credit card for best buy in xxxx. xxxx years later, i was notified by mail that there had been a lawsuit, and upon looking more closely at my statement i noticed i had been charged by xxxx. i did not recall consenting to this additional fee. i followed the steps outlined to end that " xxxx xxxx'' account and get the fees dropped. i was told that the account was canceled. after that, i had charged some large purchases to the best buy card and set the payment to autopay. to my surprise, i was recently notified via xxxx xxxx that my best buy card was over 90 % utilized. it would appear that i have unknowlingly been charged fees every month for " xxxx xxxx'' that i don't remember signing up for or agreeing, not to mention canceled years ago. apparently it was never canceled, and because of this recurring fee my card is just about maxxed out. i called best buy had to go through a few hoops to be transferred to the correct department and told, again, that subscrition is canceled. however, i was not offered any sort of retribution.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9981069564819336
}
