Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9167455,
  "complaint_id": "9167455",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I had previously filed a complaint against Citi Bank/Best Buy XXXX Complaint # XXXX. In Citi Bank 's Response to that complaint, they provided you with incorrect information. They are saying that I only disputed XXXX Fraudulent Charges totaling {$2100.00} that were made with XXXX of my Authorize User 's Card with the name of ( XXXX XXXX XXXX. That is not true, they are very much aware that I am disputing a Total of XXXX Fraudulent Charges that were made with XXXXXXXX XXXX Card, Totaling {$9500.00}. I also filed XXXX Police XXXX regarding this matter, but they obviously didn't take them in to consideration. Why they are denying the facts it's totally unfair and I believe that Citi Bank is now acting in Bad Faith towards me. The Charges that were made with my other Authorize User 's Card ( XXXX XXXX ) have absolutely nothing to do with this Fraud Matter! Citi Bank is picking and choosing what I can and can not get back from this, their decision is very contradicting and doesn't make sense! The XXXX Fraudulent Charges that I was credited for were for XXXX Airline Tickets that were made on XX/XX/2023. There are more Fraudulent Charges before and after that date. In order for their decision to make sense, I would of had to make some valid charges before XX/XX/2023, then lost my card or had it stolen and then found it again and continued making more valid charges. When I originally reported this matter to Citi Bank on XX/XX/2023, Citi Bank told me that call was being Recorded, but yet they have never taken the time to review that call. I have also asked CitiBank numerous times to provide me with a copy of all the information and or documents that they used to come to their decision. Although they've told me I have a right to that information, over half a year later I still haven't gotten nothing from them. I need this information because I do plan on taking them to Small Claims Court.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "90044",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I had previously filed a complaint against Citi Bank/Best Buy XXXX Complaint # XXXX. In Citi Bank 's Response to that complaint, they provided you with incorrect information. They are saying that I only disputed XXXX Fraudulent Charges totaling {$2100.00} that were made with XXXX of my Authorize User 's Card with the name of ( XXXX XXXX XXXX. That is not true, they are very much aware that I am disputing a Total of XXXX Fraudulent Charges that were made with XXXXXXXX XXXX Card, Totaling {$9500.00}. I also filed XXXX Police XXXX regarding this matter, but they obviously didn't take them in to consideration. Why they are denying the facts it's totally unfair and I believe that Citi Bank is now acting in Bad Faith towards me. The Charges that were made with my other Authorize User 's Card ( XXXX XXXX ) have absolutely nothing to do with this Fraud Matter! Citi Bank is picking and choosing what I can and can not get back from this, their decision is very contradicting and doesn't make sense! The XXXX Fraudulent Charges that I was credited for were for XXXX Airline Tickets that were made on XX/XX/2023. There are more Fraudulent Charges before and after that date. In order for their decision to make sense, I would of had to make some valid charges before XX/XX/2023, then lost my card or had it stolen and then found it again and continued making more valid charges. When I originally reported this matter to Citi Bank on XX/XX/2023, Citi Bank told me that call was being Recorded, but yet they have never taken the time to review that call. I have also asked CitiBank numerous times to provide me with a copy of all the information and or documents that they used to come to their decision. Although they've told me I have a right to that information, over half a year later I still haven't gotten nothing from them. I need this information because I do plan on taking them to Small Claims Court."
}

Chunk:
i had previously filed a complaint against citi bank / best buy xxxx complaint # xxxx. in citi bank's response to that complaint, they provided you with incorrect information. they are saying that i only disputed xxxx fraudulent charges totaling { $ 2100. 00 } that were made with xxxx of my authorize user's card with the name of ( xxxx xxxx xxxx. that is not true, they are very much aware that i am disputing a total of xxxx fraudulent charges that were made with xxxxxxxx xxxx card, totaling { $ 9500. 00 }. i also filed xxxx police xxxx regarding this matter, but they obviously didn't take them in to consideration. why they are denying the facts it's totally unfair and i believe that citi bank is now acting in bad faith towards me. the charges that were made with my other authorize user's card ( xxxx xxxx ) have absolutely nothing to do with this fraud matter! citi bank is picking and choosing what i can and can not get back from this, their decision is very contradicting and doesn't make sense! the xxxx fraudulent charges that i was credited for were for xxxx airline tickets that were made on xx / xx / 2023. there are more fraudulent charges before and after that date. in order for their decision to make sense, i would of had to make some valid charges before xx / xx / 2023, then lost my card or had it stolen and then found it again and continued making more valid charges. when i originally reported this matter to citi bank on xx / xx / 2023, citi bank told me that call was being recorded, but yet they have never taken the time to review that call. i have also asked citibank numerous times to provide me with a copy of all the information and or documents that they used to come to their decision. although they've told me i have a right to that information, over half a year later i still haven't gotten nothing from them. i need this information because i do plan on taking them to small claims court.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992079138755798
}
