Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9561140,
  "complaint_id": "9561140",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX I called BarclayCard to dispute the purchase related to a free luggage benefit on its XXXX XXXX XXXX. The XXXX check in desk refused to honor it stating that the benefit must come in form of credit from Barclays Card. Since the CSR refused to provide this benefit and and attempted to switch the call to XXXX representative instead, I requested service to dispute the purchase. It was refused by the Barclays Card XXXX based representative. I was then told that supervisor will call back within 1-2 business days to address the issue. Nobody called back. Meanwhile Barclays XXXX put the card and its charge into the overdue category while assessing late fee and finance charges. On XX/XX/XXXX I called again and I requested to speak with the XXXXbased supervisor that has authority to address the issue. Once again the XXXX based representative, this time named XXXX put me into a very long hold with assurances that I will be transferred to the XXXX representative to address the issue. However he lied to me after XXXXXXXX XXXX hold and assurances I was still unable to speak to someone to address the issue. It is evident that Barclays Card is unwilling/unable to address the issue and it doesn't want to provide a free check in luggage benefit it advertises as benefit on its card. This type of behavior is truly reprehensible and possibly illegal as the company is not only misrepresenting its financial product terms and condition but it is also not interested in providing a meaningful and productive customer service. It is outrageous that the Barclays Card customers are treated this way.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "60073",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-07-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX I called BarclayCard to dispute the purchase related to a free luggage benefit on its XXXX XXXX XXXX. The XXXX check in desk refused to honor it stating that the benefit must come in form of credit from Barclays Card. Since the CSR refused to provide this benefit and and attempted to switch the call to XXXX representative instead, I requested service to dispute the purchase. It was refused by the Barclays Card XXXX based representative. I was then told that supervisor will call back within 1-2 business days to address the issue. Nobody called back. Meanwhile Barclays XXXX put the card and its charge into the overdue category while assessing late fee and finance charges. On XX/XX/XXXX I called again and I requested to speak with the XXXXbased supervisor that has authority to address the issue. Once again the XXXX based representative, this time named XXXX put me into a very long hold with assurances that I will be transferred to the XXXX representative to address the issue. However he lied to me after XXXXXXXX XXXX hold and assurances I was still unable to speak to someone to address the issue. It is evident that Barclays Card is unwilling/unable to address the issue and it doesn't want to provide a free check in luggage benefit it advertises as benefit on its card. This type of behavior is truly reprehensible and possibly illegal as the company is not only misrepresenting its financial product terms and condition but it is also not interested in providing a meaningful and productive customer service. It is outrageous that the Barclays Card customers are treated this way."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx i called barclaycard to dispute the purchase related to a free luggage benefit on its xxxx xxxx xxxx. the xxxx check in desk refused to honor it stating that the benefit must come in form of credit from barclays card. since the csr refused to provide this benefit and and attempted to switch the call to xxxx representative instead, i requested service to dispute the purchase. it was refused by the barclays card xxxx based representative. i was then told that supervisor will call back within 1 - 2 business days to address the issue. nobody called back. meanwhile barclays xxxx put the card and its charge into the overdue category while assessing late fee and finance charges. on xx / xx / xxxx i called again and i requested to speak with the xxxxbased supervisor that has authority to address the issue. once again the xxxx based representative, this time named xxxx put me into a very long hold with assurances that i will be transferred to the xxxx representative to address the issue. however he lied to me after xxxxxxxx xxxx hold and assurances i was still unable to speak to someone to address the issue. it is evident that barclays card is unwilling / unable to address the issue and it doesn't want to provide a free check in luggage benefit it advertises as benefit on its card. this type of behavior is truly reprehensible and possibly illegal as the company is not only misrepresenting its financial product terms and condition but it is also not interested in providing a meaningful and productive customer service. it is outrageous that the barclays card customers are treated this way.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9974127411842346
}
