Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9005801,
  "complaint_id": "9005801",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Capitol Accounts I have XXXX accounts with Capitol One that list me as an authorized user. I would like to remove myself as an authorized user from both accounts because the primary has carried a balance on the cards and did not finish paying for them before closing the account. The issue is that I do not know who the primaries are for the account. Capitol One stated that the primaries would have to remove me and that I can not remove myself ; however, they were not helpful in providing me this information either. I still do not know who the primaries are or what steps can be taken to remove from these accounts.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "39046",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MS",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "Capitol Accounts I have XXXX accounts with Capitol One that list me as an authorized user. I would like to remove myself as an authorized user from both accounts because the primary has carried a balance on the cards and did not finish paying for them before closing the account. The issue is that I do not know who the primaries are for the account. Capitol One stated that the primaries would have to remove me and that I can not remove myself ; however, they were not helpful in providing me this information either. I still do not know who the primaries are or what steps can be taken to remove from these accounts."
}

Chunk:
capitol accounts i have xxxx accounts with capitol one that list me as an authorized user. i would like to remove myself as an authorized user from both accounts because the primary has carried a balance on the cards and did not finish paying for them before closing the account. the issue is that i do not know who the primaries are for the account. capitol one stated that the primaries would have to remove me and that i can not remove myself ; however, they were not helpful in providing me this information either. i still do not know who the primaries are or what steps can be taken to remove from these accounts.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994670748710632
}
