Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9461422,
  "complaint_id": "9461422",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "A payment was successfully made on XX/XX/year> for the amount of XXXX so I know the accounts are linked and work successfully. There were also no problems for all the other payments before this. A payment for XXXX was made on XX/XX/year> for XXXX and was not accepted by XXXX/wells fargo. Another payment for XXXX was submitted on XX/XX/year> with the same result. Another payment was submitted on XX/XX/year> for XXXX with the same result. I noticed my account balance was still not updating after these payments and an adjustment was added back onto my account to return my balance to what it was pre payment. So I thought maybe there was a problem with my bank. I have XXXX bank accounts on my wells fargo credit card account so I attempted to use both of them. Both accounts had over XXXX in them, more than enough to cover my bills but the payments were still not being accepted by XXXX/wells fargo even though they previously had. Wells fargo/XXXX then placed a hold on my account and began to chage me late fees for what they said was bounced payments even though both bank accounts could cover the amount due. Just to double check something wasnt wrong, I called XXXX XXXX  and XXXX XXXX XXXX  to check if there were any bounced payments. Both confirmed there were no bounced payments and that everything was fine on their end. I have been able to make payments to other people and other cards just find. XXXX/wells fargo are the only people having issues. When i spoke to bilt/wells fargo on the phone they were asking me to show proof of payment with my credit card statement and to fax it over to a department that is unreachable by phone. The agent could not tell me anything about what was happening or what to do and just said he had no say and I needed to fax a statement over the bank showing I paid the balance. It needed to be a paper statement that you get at the closing of your bill each month. What they are asking for impossible because when the payments are made, the balance shows as being deducted from my account in the app as pending but then the payment charge drops off, so its never included in the final statement. They wont accept a screenshot of the app and there is no way to contact the department that I need to contact. Since none of these payments are being accepted, they have begun to charge me late fees and interest on my account balance. They are threatening to close my account because of an error on their side. XXXX separate banks say I have no bounced payments and there is no way to contact the correct department at XXXX/wells fargo XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-09T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "10033",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-07-09T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "A payment was successfully made on XX/XX/year> for the amount of XXXX so I know the accounts are linked and work successfully. There were also no problems for all the other payments before this. A payment for XXXX was made on XX/XX/year> for XXXX and was not accepted by XXXX/wells fargo. Another payment for XXXX was submitted on XX/XX/year> with the same result. Another payment was submitted on XX/XX/year> for XXXX with the same result. I noticed my account balance was still not updating after these payments and an adjustment was added back onto my account to return my balance to what it was pre payment. So I thought maybe there was a problem with my bank. I have XXXX bank accounts on my wells fargo credit card account so I attempted to use both of them. Both accounts had over XXXX in them, more than enough to cover my bills but the payments were still not being accepted by XXXX/wells fargo even though they previously had. Wells fargo/XXXX then placed a hold on my account and began to chage me late fees for what they said was bounced payments even though both bank accounts could cover the amount due. Just to double check something wasnt wrong, I called XXXX XXXX  and XXXX XXXX XXXX  to check if there were any bounced payments. Both confirmed there were no bounced payments and that everything was fine on their end. I have been able to make payments to other people and other cards just find. XXXX/wells fargo are the only people having issues. When i spoke to bilt/wells fargo on the phone they were asking me to show proof of payment with my credit card statement and to fax it over to a department that is unreachable by phone. The agent could not tell me anything about what was happening or what to do and just said he had no say and I needed to fax a statement over the bank showing I paid the balance. It needed to be a paper statement that you get at the closing of your bill each month. What they are asking for impossible because when the payments are made, the balance shows as being deducted from my account in the app as pending but then the payment charge drops off, so its never included in the final statement. They wont accept a screenshot of the app and there is no way to contact the department that I need to contact. Since none of these payments are being accepted, they have begun to charge me late fees and interest on my account balance. They are threatening to close my account because of an error on their side. XXXX separate banks say I have no bounced payments and there is no way to contact the correct department at XXXX/wells fargo XXXX"
}

Chunk:
late fees and interest on my account balance. they are threatening to close my account because of an error on their side. xxxx separate banks say i have no bounced payments and there is no way to contact the correct department at xxxx / wells fargo xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995174407958984
}
