Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9297438,
  "complaint_id": "9297438",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My identity was stolen some time in late XXXX. However, I was not made aware of this until my credit score went down some time in XXXX and I began to receive payment notices for cell phones I never had as well as non-payment notices for a Bank of America credit card. I immediately filed a complaint with the FTC and the local police department. Additionally, I put a credit freeze on my file. The people who stole my identity opened a XXXX XXXX account with Bank of America and stopped making payments on this account. Bank of America reported non-payment to the credit authorities which negatively affected my credit- they also attempted to get payment from me. I called Bank of America numerous times but they would not give me any information because they said that the account was now closed. They refused to transfer me to the Fraud Department since I could not provide them with a full account number since I never opened the account to begin with. On XX/XX/XXXX I went in person to the branch in XXXX XXXX ( Exact Address XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX ) where I spoke to a XXXX XXXX ( XXXX XXXX at the XXXX XXXX in XXXX XXXX ). I gave him all my identification and he said it was obvious they account was fraudulent given that they had also opened a checking account where they tried to cash stolen checks. He provided me with account statements from the fraudulent card. He called the Fraud Department at Bank of America with me in his office. They refused to resolve this over the phone and send they would send me paper work so that I could send them my police and FTC report. Instead, I received notice that they had investigated and closed the investigation. I then sent them certified mail using the FTC form with copies of my police report, FTC report and proof of my identity. This was sent on XX/XX/XXXX and though I have proof that it was delivered I have received no response from them. They do not want to record the loan as a loss which they would if they reported it as one opened due to identity theft.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "07030",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Their investigation did not fix an error on your report",
  "text": "My identity was stolen some time in late XXXX. However, I was not made aware of this until my credit score went down some time in XXXX and I began to receive payment notices for cell phones I never had as well as non-payment notices for a Bank of America credit card. I immediately filed a complaint with the FTC and the local police department. Additionally, I put a credit freeze on my file. The people who stole my identity opened a XXXX XXXX account with Bank of America and stopped making payments on this account. Bank of America reported non-payment to the credit authorities which negatively affected my credit- they also attempted to get payment from me. I called Bank of America numerous times but they would not give me any information because they said that the account was now closed. They refused to transfer me to the Fraud Department since I could not provide them with a full account number since I never opened the account to begin with. On XX/XX/XXXX I went in person to the branch in XXXX XXXX ( Exact Address XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX ) where I spoke to a XXXX XXXX ( XXXX XXXX at the XXXX XXXX in XXXX XXXX ). I gave him all my identification and he said it was obvious they account was fraudulent given that they had also opened a checking account where they tried to cash stolen checks. He provided me with account statements from the fraudulent card. He called the Fraud Department at Bank of America with me in his office. They refused to resolve this over the phone and send they would send me paper work so that I could send them my police and FTC report. Instead, I received notice that they had investigated and closed the investigation. I then sent them certified mail using the FTC form with copies of my police report, FTC report and proof of my identity. This was sent on XX/XX/XXXX and though I have proof that it was delivered I have received no response from them. They do not want to record the loan as a loss which they would if they reported it as one opened due to identity theft."
}

Chunk:
my identity was stolen some time in late xxxx. however, i was not made aware of this until my credit score went down some time in xxxx and i began to receive payment notices for cell phones i never had as well as non - payment notices for a bank of america credit card. i immediately filed a complaint with the ftc and the local police department. additionally, i put a credit freeze on my file. the people who stole my identity opened a xxxx xxxx account with bank of america and stopped making payments on this account. bank of america reported non - payment to the credit authorities which negatively affected my credit - they also attempted to get payment from me. i called bank of america numerous times but they would not give me any information because they said that the account was now closed. they refused to transfer me to the fraud department since i could not provide them with a full account number since i never opened the account to begin with. on xx / xx / xxxx i went in person to the branch in xxxx xxxx ( exact address xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx ) where i spoke to a xxxx xxxx ( xxxx xxxx at the xxxx xxxx in xxxx xxxx ). i gave him all my identification and he said it was obvious they account was fraudulent given that they had also opened a checking account where they tried to cash stolen checks. he provided me with account statements from the fraudulent card. he called the fraud department at bank of america with me in his office. they refused to resolve this over the phone and send they would send me paper work so that i could send them my police and ftc report. instead, i received notice that they had investigated and closed the investigation. i then sent them certified mail using the ftc form with copies of my police report, ftc report and proof of my identity. this was sent on xx / xx / xxxx and though i have proof that it was delivered i have received no response from them. they do not want to record the loan as a loss which they would if they reported it as one opened due to identity theft.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994651675224304
}
