Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9009634,
  "complaint_id": "9009634",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Enrolled to autopay with XXXX credit card under Comenity, assume payment was made. On XX/XX/2024, was told payment was late and nothing cant be done about late fee or missed payment. I tried to communicate my honest mistake, and they said they cant overlook my mistake. They refuse to help me resolve the issue. The way they conduct business is very predatory, when I had all the intention to pay credit card on time. Any consumer who signs up for autopay, assume that the payment will be made. It makes no sense to wait for the following month for autopay to be active, a simple coding adjustment can be made to make it efficient for both consumers and private business to ensure payment process is done to cut off the non sense of banks and financial institutions to over charge people.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "91405",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "Enrolled to autopay with XXXX credit card under Comenity, assume payment was made. On XX/XX/2024, was told payment was late and nothing cant be done about late fee or missed payment. I tried to communicate my honest mistake, and they said they cant overlook my mistake. They refuse to help me resolve the issue. The way they conduct business is very predatory, when I had all the intention to pay credit card on time. Any consumer who signs up for autopay, assume that the payment will be made. It makes no sense to wait for the following month for autopay to be active, a simple coding adjustment can be made to make it efficient for both consumers and private business to ensure payment process is done to cut off the non sense of banks and financial institutions to over charge people."
}

Chunk:
enrolled to autopay with xxxx credit card under comenity, assume payment was made. on xx / xx / 2024, was told payment was late and nothing cant be done about late fee or missed payment. i tried to communicate my honest mistake, and they said they cant overlook my mistake. they refuse to help me resolve the issue. the way they conduct business is very predatory, when i had all the intention to pay credit card on time. any consumer who signs up for autopay, assume that the payment will be made. it makes no sense to wait for the following month for autopay to be active, a simple coding adjustment can be made to make it efficient for both consumers and private business to ensure payment process is done to cut off the non sense of banks and financial institutions to over charge people.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9973796606063843
}
