Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9514176,
  "complaint_id": "9514176",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to formally lodge a complaint against Aspire Financial for furnishing information to credit reporting agencies without my consent. I believe this action is in violation of my rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), specifically under 15 U.S.C. 6802 ( b ). \n\nRecently, I discovered that Aspire Financial has furnished my personal and financial information to the credit reporting agencies without obtaining my consent. This unauthorized sharing of information has negatively impacted my credit report and privacy. \n\nRelevant Law : 15 U.S.C. 6802 ( b ) - \" Opt-out '' Requirements : This section of the FCRA requires financial institutions to provide customers with an opportunity to opt out of the sharing of their information with non-affiliated third parties. Aspire Financial did not provide me with this opportunity, nor did I give any consent for my information to be shared. \n\nAspire Financial has shared my personal and financial information with credit reporting agencies without my explicit consent, violating 15 U.S.C. 6802 ( b ). \n\nLack of XXXX XXXX : I was not given the required opportunity to opt out of having my information shared with non-affiliated third parties. Additionally, I never received my forms to opt out. This opportunity should have been clear and conspicuous, and it was not. Signing a contract that states the company \" may '' report does not suffice under this law. \n\nI request that Aspire Financial cease the unauthorized sharing of my information immediately and take corrective actions to rectify the negative impact on my credit report. I also request written confirmation that my complaint has been received and is being addressed. \n\nThank you for your prompt attention to this matter. I look forward to your timely response. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Improper use of your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "28269",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Atlanticus Services Corporation",
  "date_received": "2024-07-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Reporting company used your report improperly",
  "text": "I am writing to formally lodge a complaint against Aspire Financial for furnishing information to credit reporting agencies without my consent. I believe this action is in violation of my rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), specifically under 15 U.S.C. 6802 ( b ). \n\nRecently, I discovered that Aspire Financial has furnished my personal and financial information to the credit reporting agencies without obtaining my consent. This unauthorized sharing of information has negatively impacted my credit report and privacy. \n\nRelevant Law : 15 U.S.C. 6802 ( b ) - \" Opt-out '' Requirements : This section of the FCRA requires financial institutions to provide customers with an opportunity to opt out of the sharing of their information with non-affiliated third parties. Aspire Financial did not provide me with this opportunity, nor did I give any consent for my information to be shared. \n\nAspire Financial has shared my personal and financial information with credit reporting agencies without my explicit consent, violating 15 U.S.C. 6802 ( b ). \n\nLack of XXXX XXXX : I was not given the required opportunity to opt out of having my information shared with non-affiliated third parties. Additionally, I never received my forms to opt out. This opportunity should have been clear and conspicuous, and it was not. Signing a contract that states the company \" may '' report does not suffice under this law. \n\nI request that Aspire Financial cease the unauthorized sharing of my information immediately and take corrective actions to rectify the negative impact on my credit report. I also request written confirmation that my complaint has been received and is being addressed. \n\nThank you for your prompt attention to this matter. I look forward to your timely response. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
i am writing to formally lodge a complaint against aspire financial for furnishing information to credit reporting agencies without my consent. i believe this action is in violation of my rights under the fair credit reporting act ( fcra ), specifically under 15 u. s. c. 6802 ( b ). recently, i discovered that aspire financial has furnished my personal and financial information to the credit reporting agencies without obtaining my consent. this unauthorized sharing of information has negatively impacted my credit report and privacy. relevant law : 15 u. s. c. 6802 ( b ) - " opt - out'' requirements : this section of the fcra requires financial institutions to provide customers with an opportunity to opt out of the sharing of their information with non - affiliated third parties. aspire financial did not provide me with this opportunity, nor did i give any consent for my information to be shared. aspire financial has shared my personal and financial information with credit reporting agencies without my explicit consent, violating 15 u. s. c. 6802 ( b ). lack of xxxx xxxx : i was not given the required opportunity to opt out of having my information shared with non - affiliated third parties. additionally, i never received my forms to opt out. this opportunity should have been clear and conspicuous, and it was not. signing a contract that states the company " may'' report does not suffice under this law. i request that aspire financial cease the unauthorized sharing of my information immediately and take corrective actions to rectify the negative impact on my credit report. i also request written confirmation that my complaint has been received and is being addressed. thank you for your prompt attention to this matter. i look forward to your timely response. sincerely, xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9004004597663879
}
