Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9196935,
  "complaint_id": "9196935",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Subject : XXXX XXXX XXXX Navy Federal Credit Union for Premature Dispute Resolution Closure To Whom It May Concern at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, I am writing to file a formal complaint against Navy Federal Credit Union regarding their handling of my credit card dispute claims. The claims in question concern XXXX transactions made with XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, XXXX for {$6200.00} and another for {$380.00}, which were both summarily dismissed by the credit union on XX/XX/XXXX. \n\nDetails of the Dispute : The purchases at XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX were conducted under circumstances involving misleading sales tactics and high-pressure sales environments, which I believe misrepresented the nature and value of the services and products offered. Despite my efforts to amicably resolve the issues with the merchant, including attempts to return the unopened merchandise, I was met with non-responsiveness. Subsequently, I turned to Navy Federal Credit Union for assistance. \n\nConcerns with Navy Federal 's Resolution Process : The decisions to close my claims were based solely on the premise that I received merchandise or a service in exchange for the payment. This overlooks the core issues of my dispute : the deceptive practices employed during the sale. Navy Federal 's investigation concluded without a proper review of the detailed evidence I provided, which documented the circumstances of the sales and my attempts to rectify the situation directly with the merchant. \n\nInadequate XXXX and XXXX Rights : I am concerned that the swift closure of my disputes suggests an inadequate review of the facts and fails to uphold my rights as a consumer. According to the XXXX Credit Billing Act, consumers are entitled to a fair investigation of their disputes, and creditors are required to consider all evidence presented by the consumer. The rapid dismissal of my disputes appears to contravene these requirements, leaving me without recourse against practices that I believe are unfair and deceptive. \n\nRequest for CFPB Intervention : Given the issues outlined, I am seeking the CFPBs intervention to ensure a thorough and fair reevaluation of these disputes by Navy Federal Credit Union. It is imperative that financial institutions adhere to regulatory standards that protect consumers from fraudulent and deceptive business practices. \n\nAttached to this complaint are copies of all correspondence with the merchant and Navy Federal, documented evidence of the unopened products, and records of my communications attempting to resolve this matter. \n\nI also attached documentation that shows where I contacted NFCU on XX/XX/XXXX ( a day after the purchase ) while the charge was still pending. Also they weren't able to assist until the purchase was posted, I did my due diligence in alerting them of the issue in the event the merchant would not be cooperative in refunding the charges. \n\nThank you for your attention to this serious matter. I trust that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau will provide the necessary oversight to address this issue and uphold my rights as a consumer. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "31093",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Subject : XXXX XXXX XXXX Navy Federal Credit Union for Premature Dispute Resolution Closure To Whom It May Concern at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, I am writing to file a formal complaint against Navy Federal Credit Union regarding their handling of my credit card dispute claims. The claims in question concern XXXX transactions made with XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, XXXX for {$6200.00} and another for {$380.00}, which were both summarily dismissed by the credit union on XX/XX/XXXX. \n\nDetails of the Dispute : The purchases at XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX were conducted under circumstances involving misleading sales tactics and high-pressure sales environments, which I believe misrepresented the nature and value of the services and products offered. Despite my efforts to amicably resolve the issues with the merchant, including attempts to return the unopened merchandise, I was met with non-responsiveness. Subsequently, I turned to Navy Federal Credit Union for assistance. \n\nConcerns with Navy Federal 's Resolution Process : The decisions to close my claims were based solely on the premise that I received merchandise or a service in exchange for the payment. This overlooks the core issues of my dispute : the deceptive practices employed during the sale. Navy Federal 's investigation concluded without a proper review of the detailed evidence I provided, which documented the circumstances of the sales and my attempts to rectify the situation directly with the merchant. \n\nInadequate XXXX and XXXX Rights : I am concerned that the swift closure of my disputes suggests an inadequate review of the facts and fails to uphold my rights as a consumer. According to the XXXX Credit Billing Act, consumers are entitled to a fair investigation of their disputes, and creditors are required to consider all evidence presented by the consumer. The rapid dismissal of my disputes appears to contravene these requirements, leaving me without recourse against practices that I believe are unfair and deceptive. \n\nRequest for CFPB Intervention : Given the issues outlined, I am seeking the CFPBs intervention to ensure a thorough and fair reevaluation of these disputes by Navy Federal Credit Union. It is imperative that financial institutions adhere to regulatory standards that protect consumers from fraudulent and deceptive business practices. \n\nAttached to this complaint are copies of all correspondence with the merchant and Navy Federal, documented evidence of the unopened products, and records of my communications attempting to resolve this matter. \n\nI also attached documentation that shows where I contacted NFCU on XX/XX/XXXX ( a day after the purchase ) while the charge was still pending. Also they weren't able to assist until the purchase was posted, I did my due diligence in alerting them of the issue in the event the merchant would not be cooperative in refunding the charges. \n\nThank you for your attention to this serious matter. I trust that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau will provide the necessary oversight to address this issue and uphold my rights as a consumer. \n\nSincerely, XXXX XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
( a day after the purchase ) while the charge was still pending. also they weren't able to assist until the purchase was posted, i did my due diligence in alerting them of the issue in the event the merchant would not be cooperative in refunding the charges. thank you for your attention to this serious matter. i trust that the consumer financial protection bureau will provide the necessary oversight to address this issue and uphold my rights as a consumer. sincerely, xxxx xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "POSITIVE",
  "score": 0.9979706406593323
}
