Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9487255,
  "complaint_id": "9487255",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have a CC with an ultra high limit that had not been used in years. One day I made a purchase at the gas station to fill up before a journey across the USA. An hour later I received text messages telling me my account was over the limit. \n\nI immediately looked at my banking records and confirmed that my card had been skimmed at the gas station based on all the charges all over the place. I immediately called USAA to haltcard and dispute charges. \n\nFast forward 2 weeks I get notice from XXXX that my USAA card was over the limit. I immediately called USAA again to ask what is happening : 1. USAA did not put a security hold on my card from 2 weeks earlier as it should have done 2. USAA had made no progress investigating the skimmed card and disputed charges. They claimed not to have a record. \n3. Only after this follow up call 2 weeks later did USAA cancel and block the card. \n3. Now my credit ratio is being dinged and USAA is expecting me to pay for a card that was stolen/skimmed, and used by criminals to exceed the credit limit.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33870",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "UNITED SERVICES AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-07-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "I have a CC with an ultra high limit that had not been used in years. One day I made a purchase at the gas station to fill up before a journey across the USA. An hour later I received text messages telling me my account was over the limit. \n\nI immediately looked at my banking records and confirmed that my card had been skimmed at the gas station based on all the charges all over the place. I immediately called USAA to haltcard and dispute charges. \n\nFast forward 2 weeks I get notice from XXXX that my USAA card was over the limit. I immediately called USAA again to ask what is happening : 1. USAA did not put a security hold on my card from 2 weeks earlier as it should have done 2. USAA had made no progress investigating the skimmed card and disputed charges. They claimed not to have a record. \n3. Only after this follow up call 2 weeks later did USAA cancel and block the card. \n3. Now my credit ratio is being dinged and USAA is expecting me to pay for a card that was stolen/skimmed, and used by criminals to exceed the credit limit."
}

Chunk:
i have a cc with an ultra high limit that had not been used in years. one day i made a purchase at the gas station to fill up before a journey across the usa. an hour later i received text messages telling me my account was over the limit. i immediately looked at my banking records and confirmed that my card had been skimmed at the gas station based on all the charges all over the place. i immediately called usaa to haltcard and dispute charges. fast forward 2 weeks i get notice from xxxx that my usaa card was over the limit. i immediately called usaa again to ask what is happening : 1. usaa did not put a security hold on my card from 2 weeks earlier as it should have done 2. usaa had made no progress investigating the skimmed card and disputed charges. they claimed not to have a record. 3. only after this follow up call 2 weeks later did usaa cancel and block the card. 3. now my credit ratio is being dinged and usaa is expecting me to pay for a card that was stolen / skimmed, and used by criminals to exceed the credit limit.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993425011634827
}
