Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9088556,
  "complaint_id": "9088556",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/XXXX I ordered a XXXX XXXX sewing machine form XXXX XXXX. I was told it would be about 2 months before it would be delivered. To date, I have not received my order. I have been in constant contact with XXXX XXXX. Each time I am given a timeframe of either next week or next month. I should have cancelled when it didn't arrive when advised. On XX/XX/XXXX someone at XXXX XXXX called and said it would be next week. Then they said it would be next month. They have continuously given me false information. I spoke to XXXX and told her I wanted to cancel the order. She said please don't do that. I told her that XXXX, the owner, needed to call by the end of the day or I would call USBank and cancel. I called at XXXX and spoke yet again to XXXX. Said XXXX was busy. I called back at XXXX- they close at XXXX. They would not answer the phone- they have caller ID. I left a message say to cancel the order, I would call USBank to cancel the order. I then called US Bank and explained. The rep said I was much more patient than she would have been. I received an email saying a conditional credit was issued. On XX/XX/XXXX I received a questionnaire from USBank for additional information. I then mailed it registered mail on XX/XX/XXXX. Tonight I received an email stating the conditional credit had been declined- to log into the account for further explanation - there was not message or explanation. So I called to ask why. They said that it was declined as the purchase was more than 2 months old. I told them they knew that when I called and filed the complaint. I was told there was nothing she could do. I explained that I was an excellent customer and never late, and even more, why didn't they tell me that when I filed the complaint. She again just said nothing she could do. I asked for management- she said no one was there- she would leave a message. \n\nNow I can't get my money back from XXXX XXXX as they won't even take my call and USBank won't issue a credit. \n\nI don't this is fair practice. USBank will have {$10000.00} of my money and yet I don't have the item. How fair is this.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "75044",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "U.S. BANCORP",
  "date_received": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "On XX/XX/XXXX I ordered a XXXX XXXX sewing machine form XXXX XXXX. I was told it would be about 2 months before it would be delivered. To date, I have not received my order. I have been in constant contact with XXXX XXXX. Each time I am given a timeframe of either next week or next month. I should have cancelled when it didn't arrive when advised. On XX/XX/XXXX someone at XXXX XXXX called and said it would be next week. Then they said it would be next month. They have continuously given me false information. I spoke to XXXX and told her I wanted to cancel the order. She said please don't do that. I told her that XXXX, the owner, needed to call by the end of the day or I would call USBank and cancel. I called at XXXX and spoke yet again to XXXX. Said XXXX was busy. I called back at XXXX- they close at XXXX. They would not answer the phone- they have caller ID. I left a message say to cancel the order, I would call USBank to cancel the order. I then called US Bank and explained. The rep said I was much more patient than she would have been. I received an email saying a conditional credit was issued. On XX/XX/XXXX I received a questionnaire from USBank for additional information. I then mailed it registered mail on XX/XX/XXXX. Tonight I received an email stating the conditional credit had been declined- to log into the account for further explanation - there was not message or explanation. So I called to ask why. They said that it was declined as the purchase was more than 2 months old. I told them they knew that when I called and filed the complaint. I was told there was nothing she could do. I explained that I was an excellent customer and never late, and even more, why didn't they tell me that when I filed the complaint. She again just said nothing she could do. I asked for management- she said no one was there- she would leave a message. \n\nNow I can't get my money back from XXXX XXXX as they won't even take my call and USBank won't issue a credit. \n\nI don't this is fair practice. USBank will have {$10000.00} of my money and yet I don't have the item. How fair is this."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / xxxx i ordered a xxxx xxxx sewing machine form xxxx xxxx. i was told it would be about 2 months before it would be delivered. to date, i have not received my order. i have been in constant contact with xxxx xxxx. each time i am given a timeframe of either next week or next month. i should have cancelled when it didn't arrive when advised. on xx / xx / xxxx someone at xxxx xxxx called and said it would be next week. then they said it would be next month. they have continuously given me false information. i spoke to xxxx and told her i wanted to cancel the order. she said please don't do that. i told her that xxxx, the owner, needed to call by the end of the day or i would call usbank and cancel. i called at xxxx and spoke yet again to xxxx. said xxxx was busy. i called back at xxxx - they close at xxxx. they would not answer the phone - they have caller id. i left a message say to cancel the order, i would call usbank to cancel the order. i then called us bank and explained. the rep said i was much more patient than she would have been. i received an email saying a conditional credit was issued. on xx / xx / xxxx i received a questionnaire from usbank for additional information. i then mailed it registered mail on xx / xx / xxxx. tonight i received an email stating the conditional credit had been declined - to log into the account for further explanation - there was not message or explanation. so i called to ask why. they said that it was declined as the purchase was more than 2 months old. i told them they knew that when i called and filed the complaint. i was told there was nothing she could do. i explained that i was an excellent customer and never late, and even more, why didn't they tell me that when i filed the complaint. she again just said nothing she could do. i asked for management - she said no one was there - she would leave a message. now i can't get my money back from xxxx xxxx as they won't even take my call and usbank won't issue a credit. i don't this is fair practice. usbank will have { $ 10000. 00 } of my money and yet i don't have

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995031356811523
}
