Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9700457,
  "complaint_id": "9700457",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XXXX is a company that provides services in 2 different industries- in this case a loan agency and a solar panel sales agency. I had a balance transfer check in the amount of {$5600.00} from 2 First Tech Federal Credit Union sent to \" XXXX ''. When I looked up the address online to send the check to I did not know that there were 2 separate agencies and the balance transfer check went to the solar panel agency instead of the loan agency. The check was issued on XX/XX/XXXX and deposited by by the XXXX solar panel agency on XX/XX/XXXX. The check included my account number with the XXXX LOAN agency- i have no account number with the solar agency. When I called and spoke to the solar panel agency and explained the situation they attempted to look up my account and then confirmed that they do not have an account for me and that I would need to work with my bank. Clearly this is fraud on the part of XXXX, and I do have another complaint filed against them ( XXXX ). However, the problem here is that First Tech Federal Credit Union will not assist me in getting this matter resolved. I have called, emailed and sent a letter. When I call I am given the runaround, being told that this needs to all be communicated via email. When I attempt to email them or send USPS mail, I get no response. Of course, XXXX is not willing to work with me either. I need First Tech Federal Credit Union to investigate this issue, but clearly they are not willing to! I have attached a copy of the check sent and also screenshots showing my outstanding balance and that there has been no payment applied to my XXXX account for the {$5600.00} balance transfer that was deposited on XX/XX/XXXX. I have filed complaints against both XXXX and First Tech Federal Credit Union due to the fraud committed by XXXX and the inaction of First Tech Federal Credit Union, refusing to work with me.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-08-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "First Technology Federal Credit Union",
  "date_received": "2024-08-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with balance transfer",
  "text": "XXXX is a company that provides services in 2 different industries- in this case a loan agency and a solar panel sales agency. I had a balance transfer check in the amount of {$5600.00} from 2 First Tech Federal Credit Union sent to \" XXXX ''. When I looked up the address online to send the check to I did not know that there were 2 separate agencies and the balance transfer check went to the solar panel agency instead of the loan agency. The check was issued on XX/XX/XXXX and deposited by by the XXXX solar panel agency on XX/XX/XXXX. The check included my account number with the XXXX LOAN agency- i have no account number with the solar agency. When I called and spoke to the solar panel agency and explained the situation they attempted to look up my account and then confirmed that they do not have an account for me and that I would need to work with my bank. Clearly this is fraud on the part of XXXX, and I do have another complaint filed against them ( XXXX ). However, the problem here is that First Tech Federal Credit Union will not assist me in getting this matter resolved. I have called, emailed and sent a letter. When I call I am given the runaround, being told that this needs to all be communicated via email. When I attempt to email them or send USPS mail, I get no response. Of course, XXXX is not willing to work with me either. I need First Tech Federal Credit Union to investigate this issue, but clearly they are not willing to! I have attached a copy of the check sent and also screenshots showing my outstanding balance and that there has been no payment applied to my XXXX account for the {$5600.00} balance transfer that was deposited on XX/XX/XXXX. I have filed complaints against both XXXX and First Tech Federal Credit Union due to the fraud committed by XXXX and the inaction of First Tech Federal Credit Union, refusing to work with me."
}

Chunk:
xxxx is a company that provides services in 2 different industries - in this case a loan agency and a solar panel sales agency. i had a balance transfer check in the amount of { $ 5600. 00 } from 2 first tech federal credit union sent to " xxxx''. when i looked up the address online to send the check to i did not know that there were 2 separate agencies and the balance transfer check went to the solar panel agency instead of the loan agency. the check was issued on xx / xx / xxxx and deposited by by the xxxx solar panel agency on xx / xx / xxxx. the check included my account number with the xxxx loan agency - i have no account number with the solar agency. when i called and spoke to the solar panel agency and explained the situation they attempted to look up my account and then confirmed that they do not have an account for me and that i would need to work with my bank. clearly this is fraud on the part of xxxx, and i do have another complaint filed against them ( xxxx ). however, the problem here is that first tech federal credit union will not assist me in getting this matter resolved. i have called, emailed and sent a letter. when i call i am given the runaround, being told that this needs to all be communicated via email. when i attempt to email them or send usps mail, i get no response. of course, xxxx is not willing to work with me either. i need first tech federal credit union to investigate this issue, but clearly they are not willing to! i have attached a copy of the check sent and also screenshots showing my outstanding balance and that there has been no payment applied to my xxxx account for the { $ 5600. 00 } balance transfer that was deposited on xx / xx / xxxx. i have filed complaints against both xxxx and first tech federal credit union due to the fraud committed by xxxx and the inaction of first tech federal credit union, refusing to work with me.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993752837181091
}
