Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9086679,
  "complaint_id": "9086679",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have had automatic payment option in place for years now and I have recently been charged late and other fees by American Express and its affiliated claiming my payment were late. My payment can not be late if an autopay is in place for at least 5 days before my payment due date. I have requested proof and waiver of any and all fees charged. Yet American Express much like any other big bank bulldozers over customers and they simply dont care because they always get away with it. I want Amex and other companies to pay a hefty fine yo see how does it feel for them robbing customers off their hard earned money. I have been American Express card member since 2006 and I have never s en this level of unfairness until this past year upto now. This big merchant and banks need to be taught a lesson",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "37064",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TN",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I have had automatic payment option in place for years now and I have recently been charged late and other fees by American Express and its affiliated claiming my payment were late. My payment can not be late if an autopay is in place for at least 5 days before my payment due date. I have requested proof and waiver of any and all fees charged. Yet American Express much like any other big bank bulldozers over customers and they simply dont care because they always get away with it. I want Amex and other companies to pay a hefty fine yo see how does it feel for them robbing customers off their hard earned money. I have been American Express card member since 2006 and I have never s en this level of unfairness until this past year upto now. This big merchant and banks need to be taught a lesson"
}

Chunk:
i have had automatic payment option in place for years now and i have recently been charged late and other fees by american express and its affiliated claiming my payment were late. my payment can not be late if an autopay is in place for at least 5 days before my payment due date. i have requested proof and waiver of any and all fees charged. yet american express much like any other big bank bulldozers over customers and they simply dont care because they always get away with it. i want amex and other companies to pay a hefty fine yo see how does it feel for them robbing customers off their hard earned money. i have been american express card member since 2006 and i have never s en this level of unfairness until this past year upto now. this big merchant and banks need to be taught a lesson

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9980509281158447
}
