Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9382243,
  "complaint_id": "9382243",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Barclaycard XXXX has been inappropriately charging interest fees and violating its own terms of service regarding the processing of payments to improperly charge late fees and interest charges for months. \n\nThe Barclaycard terms of service indicate that payments made XXXX, before XXXX XXXX. ET will be credited and payment reflected the payment will be credited on the same day, reflected in your available credit on the next day ( XXXX ), and payment posted on the next day ( XXXX ). Barclay Bank has held that payment over as late as the following XXXX, allowing for them to charge penalties, interest, and late fees to the consumer. \n\nThe second issue is that Barclay Bank continues to charge interest fees to the customer even after the customer has paid their issued statements in full and continues to do so despite knowing that the statements have been paid in full. Further, in order to have those fees removed, a customer typically has to spend between 30 to 40 minutes negotiating with a customer service representative who has no authority to remove the fees, causing the customer to wait additional time for a supervisor to be located. It is only after the supervisor is appraised of the situation will the fees that were improperly levied be removed.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "190XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-06-29T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "Barclaycard XXXX has been inappropriately charging interest fees and violating its own terms of service regarding the processing of payments to improperly charge late fees and interest charges for months. \n\nThe Barclaycard terms of service indicate that payments made XXXX, before XXXX XXXX. ET will be credited and payment reflected the payment will be credited on the same day, reflected in your available credit on the next day ( XXXX ), and payment posted on the next day ( XXXX ). Barclay Bank has held that payment over as late as the following XXXX, allowing for them to charge penalties, interest, and late fees to the consumer. \n\nThe second issue is that Barclay Bank continues to charge interest fees to the customer even after the customer has paid their issued statements in full and continues to do so despite knowing that the statements have been paid in full. Further, in order to have those fees removed, a customer typically has to spend between 30 to 40 minutes negotiating with a customer service representative who has no authority to remove the fees, causing the customer to wait additional time for a supervisor to be located. It is only after the supervisor is appraised of the situation will the fees that were improperly levied be removed."
}

Chunk:
barclaycard xxxx has been inappropriately charging interest fees and violating its own terms of service regarding the processing of payments to improperly charge late fees and interest charges for months. the barclaycard terms of service indicate that payments made xxxx, before xxxx xxxx. et will be credited and payment reflected the payment will be credited on the same day, reflected in your available credit on the next day ( xxxx ), and payment posted on the next day ( xxxx ). barclay bank has held that payment over as late as the following xxxx, allowing for them to charge penalties, interest, and late fees to the consumer. the second issue is that barclay bank continues to charge interest fees to the customer even after the customer has paid their issued statements in full and continues to do so despite knowing that the statements have been paid in full. further, in order to have those fees removed, a customer typically has to spend between 30 to 40 minutes negotiating with a customer service representative who has no authority to remove the fees, causing the customer to wait additional time for a supervisor to be located. it is only after the supervisor is appraised of the situation will the fees that were improperly levied be removed.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.998808741569519
}
