Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9417354,
  "complaint_id": "9417354",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Macy 's XXXX XXXX XXXX received payment via USPS certified Mail with tracking on XX/XX/year> and did not credit payment to the principal account nor did Macy 's XXXX XXXX XXXX continues return the payment in accordance with UCC 3-603 this means DIsCHARGE. Macy 's XXXX XXXX XXXX continues to furnish inaccurate information to third party credit agencies without due process and this action is causing me and my family great harm. after careful review of the statements I also noticed that the statement amount that Macy 's XXXX XXXX XXXX is alleging the principal owes is in a positive form which is inaccurate and needs to be corrected. If these actions are not completed upon receipt of this notice I will have to report Macy 's XXXX XXXX XXXX because I will not participate in any fraud.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "30064",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "Macy 's XXXX XXXX XXXX received payment via USPS certified Mail with tracking on XX/XX/year> and did not credit payment to the principal account nor did Macy 's XXXX XXXX XXXX continues return the payment in accordance with UCC 3-603 this means DIsCHARGE. Macy 's XXXX XXXX XXXX continues to furnish inaccurate information to third party credit agencies without due process and this action is causing me and my family great harm. after careful review of the statements I also noticed that the statement amount that Macy 's XXXX XXXX XXXX is alleging the principal owes is in a positive form which is inaccurate and needs to be corrected. If these actions are not completed upon receipt of this notice I will have to report Macy 's XXXX XXXX XXXX because I will not participate in any fraud."
}

Chunk:
macy's xxxx xxxx xxxx received payment via usps certified mail with tracking on xx / xx / year > and did not credit payment to the principal account nor did macy's xxxx xxxx xxxx continues return the payment in accordance with ucc 3 - 603 this means discharge. macy's xxxx xxxx xxxx continues to furnish inaccurate information to third party credit agencies without due process and this action is causing me and my family great harm. after careful review of the statements i also noticed that the statement amount that macy's xxxx xxxx xxxx is alleging the principal owes is in a positive form which is inaccurate and needs to be corrected. if these actions are not completed upon receipt of this notice i will have to report macy's xxxx xxxx xxxx because i will not participate in any fraud.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992249011993408
}
