Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9078148,
  "complaint_id": "9078148",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On Monday XX/XX/XXXX of XXXX, I received a call from Wells Fargo reporting suspicious activity in my checking account. I confirmed the activity was fraudulent, ordered a new card and was reimbursed for the amount. The next day, the fraudulent charges continued. I talked to WF and found out that someone had cloned my card, had my pin number and was calling the automated system. In the automated system they were able to increase the atm withdrawal amount, move all of my savings to my checking, and order a cash advance from my credit card. I took several steps to stop this from happening, spending about four hours on the phone with wells Fargo and another two hours in a branch proving I was the owner. I changed my username, passwords, pins, ordered new cards, then cancelled all cards. I even closed the account and opened a whole new one. In the end Wells Fargo denied all my claims and refused to pull up video of the atm showing it wasn't me making the withdrawals. I had to file a complaint here in order to get reimbursed for the {$11000.00} stolen from my account due to their negligent phone security. They still denied my {$8000.00} claim on the credit card even after reimbursing me for the checking account fraud. I am now being charged huge interest fees and other charges on my credit card for money I never withdrew. I want all charges on my credit card cleared.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "77070",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "On Monday XX/XX/XXXX of XXXX, I received a call from Wells Fargo reporting suspicious activity in my checking account. I confirmed the activity was fraudulent, ordered a new card and was reimbursed for the amount. The next day, the fraudulent charges continued. I talked to WF and found out that someone had cloned my card, had my pin number and was calling the automated system. In the automated system they were able to increase the atm withdrawal amount, move all of my savings to my checking, and order a cash advance from my credit card. I took several steps to stop this from happening, spending about four hours on the phone with wells Fargo and another two hours in a branch proving I was the owner. I changed my username, passwords, pins, ordered new cards, then cancelled all cards. I even closed the account and opened a whole new one. In the end Wells Fargo denied all my claims and refused to pull up video of the atm showing it wasn't me making the withdrawals. I had to file a complaint here in order to get reimbursed for the {$11000.00} stolen from my account due to their negligent phone security. They still denied my {$8000.00} claim on the credit card even after reimbursing me for the checking account fraud. I am now being charged huge interest fees and other charges on my credit card for money I never withdrew. I want all charges on my credit card cleared."
}

Chunk:
on monday xx / xx / xxxx of xxxx, i received a call from wells fargo reporting suspicious activity in my checking account. i confirmed the activity was fraudulent, ordered a new card and was reimbursed for the amount. the next day, the fraudulent charges continued. i talked to wf and found out that someone had cloned my card, had my pin number and was calling the automated system. in the automated system they were able to increase the atm withdrawal amount, move all of my savings to my checking, and order a cash advance from my credit card. i took several steps to stop this from happening, spending about four hours on the phone with wells fargo and another two hours in a branch proving i was the owner. i changed my username, passwords, pins, ordered new cards, then cancelled all cards. i even closed the account and opened a whole new one. in the end wells fargo denied all my claims and refused to pull up video of the atm showing it wasn't me making the withdrawals. i had to file a complaint here in order to get reimbursed for the { $ 11000. 00 } stolen from my account due to their negligent phone security. they still denied my { $ 8000. 00 } claim on the credit card even after reimbursing me for the checking account fraud. i am now being charged huge interest fees and other charges on my credit card for money i never withdrew. i want all charges on my credit card cleared.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9987797141075134
}
