Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9543834,
  "complaint_id": "9543834",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "The company Synchrony I am financed through for a purchase with Conns has closed my account with them. I an unhappy with this unfair decision as I make payments monthly. I decided to put my account on auto payments cause I would be on XXXX XXXX  and the representative set it up and It didn't pick up that months payment and paid for the future payments leaving me \" behind '' on a payment. I received a call notifying it had been cancelled and they demanded payment and I thought it was a scam because I know I'm on auto payment and the there are funds so I called another rep and she ensured me my account is active and wont be closed if I'm able to make this payment so I proceeded to make the payment and she advised I'm current and the account isn't closed. Today I called and learned otherwise and I'm very upset as this is messing my credit report up and totally inaccurate as I intended to pay hence why my car was on file. I believe this is unfair and I need my account reinstated.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "28270",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-07-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NC",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "The company Synchrony I am financed through for a purchase with Conns has closed my account with them. I an unhappy with this unfair decision as I make payments monthly. I decided to put my account on auto payments cause I would be on XXXX XXXX  and the representative set it up and It didn't pick up that months payment and paid for the future payments leaving me \" behind '' on a payment. I received a call notifying it had been cancelled and they demanded payment and I thought it was a scam because I know I'm on auto payment and the there are funds so I called another rep and she ensured me my account is active and wont be closed if I'm able to make this payment so I proceeded to make the payment and she advised I'm current and the account isn't closed. Today I called and learned otherwise and I'm very upset as this is messing my credit report up and totally inaccurate as I intended to pay hence why my car was on file. I believe this is unfair and I need my account reinstated."
}

Chunk:
the company synchrony i am financed through for a purchase with conns has closed my account with them. i an unhappy with this unfair decision as i make payments monthly. i decided to put my account on auto payments cause i would be on xxxx xxxx and the representative set it up and it didn't pick up that months payment and paid for the future payments leaving me " behind'' on a payment. i received a call notifying it had been cancelled and they demanded payment and i thought it was a scam because i know i'm on auto payment and the there are funds so i called another rep and she ensured me my account is active and wont be closed if i'm able to make this payment so i proceeded to make the payment and she advised i'm current and the account isn't closed. today i called and learned otherwise and i'm very upset as this is messing my credit report up and totally inaccurate as i intended to pay hence why my car was on file. i believe this is unfair and i need my account reinstated.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996373653411865
}
