Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9025902,
  "complaint_id": "9025902",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/year> I paid {$950.00} to my XXXX XXXX. Since the account is a rewards credit card I decided I'd like to use it to pay all my bills each month. So, I took the money for my bills and paid it on my mastercard to create room to pay my bills this month. The money was withdrawn from my XXXX XXXX Checking account and XXXX sent me an email to let me know they received and posted my funds. But despite this my available credit didn't update. I should have roughly XXXX of available credit to use, but it's only showing {$56.00}. I called XXXX, because it does not clearly state that the funds could be held for weeks. Not immediately available is not the same thing as telling a consumer that it could be held for 3 or more weeks. I've looked in reddit forums and have located extensive discussions about this bad practice. I believe that XXXX is using under handed tactics to hold on to funds without delivering it back to the consumer. No other credit card company I have does this. I was told because my account was less than six months old is why this is happening. At the time of payment it doesn't not specify this and if it had I would have never used XXXX for my monthly bills. I would have taken my business back to XXXX XXXX. I believe this practice is deceitful and the information being left off is done so to disuade people from not making payments. I fully believe that I have a legitimate case and could easily pull together a class action lawsuit with the rest of the people that have left comments in the reddit forums. I've never seen this many complaints about the same issue. \n\nI then requested my money back so I could pay my bills since XXXX intended to hold my money for weeks to months. I couldn't wait that long to not pay my bills. I was told that the only way to get my money back was via a paper check that might take 2-3 weeks to arrive despite my paying it electronically. Moreover, XXXX is one of the largest digital currency makers in the world yet a paper check was my only recourse. I eventually accepted the paper because it was actually faster than getting my funds cleared. \n\nI'd like the CFPB to take action against XXXX for false advertising and not prominently displaying or telling us the length of time that an account can left on hold. Leaving out the time is as good as a lie. I also want my money back expeditiously. They literally have {$950.00} of my monies in limbo. I look forward to you investigating this matter and hopefully fining XXXX in the millions for swindling their customers out of money and making interest of their held funds.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "70737",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "LA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "On XX/XX/year> I paid {$950.00} to my XXXX XXXX. Since the account is a rewards credit card I decided I'd like to use it to pay all my bills each month. So, I took the money for my bills and paid it on my mastercard to create room to pay my bills this month. The money was withdrawn from my XXXX XXXX Checking account and XXXX sent me an email to let me know they received and posted my funds. But despite this my available credit didn't update. I should have roughly XXXX of available credit to use, but it's only showing {$56.00}. I called XXXX, because it does not clearly state that the funds could be held for weeks. Not immediately available is not the same thing as telling a consumer that it could be held for 3 or more weeks. I've looked in reddit forums and have located extensive discussions about this bad practice. I believe that XXXX is using under handed tactics to hold on to funds without delivering it back to the consumer. No other credit card company I have does this. I was told because my account was less than six months old is why this is happening. At the time of payment it doesn't not specify this and if it had I would have never used XXXX for my monthly bills. I would have taken my business back to XXXX XXXX. I believe this practice is deceitful and the information being left off is done so to disuade people from not making payments. I fully believe that I have a legitimate case and could easily pull together a class action lawsuit with the rest of the people that have left comments in the reddit forums. I've never seen this many complaints about the same issue. \n\nI then requested my money back so I could pay my bills since XXXX intended to hold my money for weeks to months. I couldn't wait that long to not pay my bills. I was told that the only way to get my money back was via a paper check that might take 2-3 weeks to arrive despite my paying it electronically. Moreover, XXXX is one of the largest digital currency makers in the world yet a paper check was my only recourse. I eventually accepted the paper because it was actually faster than getting my funds cleared. \n\nI'd like the CFPB to take action against XXXX for false advertising and not prominently displaying or telling us the length of time that an account can left on hold. Leaving out the time is as good as a lie. I also want my money back expeditiously. They literally have {$950.00} of my monies in limbo. I look forward to you investigating this matter and hopefully fining XXXX in the millions for swindling their customers out of money and making interest of their held funds."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / year > i paid { $ 950. 00 } to my xxxx xxxx. since the account is a rewards credit card i decided i'd like to use it to pay all my bills each month. so, i took the money for my bills and paid it on my mastercard to create room to pay my bills this month. the money was withdrawn from my xxxx xxxx checking account and xxxx sent me an email to let me know they received and posted my funds. but despite this my available credit didn't update. i should have roughly xxxx of available credit to use, but it's only showing { $ 56. 00 }. i called xxxx, because it does not clearly state that the funds could be held for weeks. not immediately available is not the same thing as telling a consumer that it could be held for 3 or more weeks. i've looked in reddit forums and have located extensive discussions about this bad practice. i believe that xxxx is using under handed tactics to hold on to funds without delivering it back to the consumer. no other credit card company i have does this. i was told because my account was less than six months old is why this is happening. at the time of payment it doesn't not specify this and if it had i would have never used xxxx for my monthly bills. i would have taken my business back to xxxx xxxx. i believe this practice is deceitful and the information being left off is done so to disuade people from not making payments. i fully believe that i have a legitimate case and could easily pull together a class action lawsuit with the rest of the people that have left comments in the reddit forums. i've never seen this many complaints about the same issue. i then requested my money back so i could pay my bills since xxxx intended to hold my money for weeks to months. i couldn't wait that long to not pay my bills. i was told that the only way to get my money back was via a paper check that might take 2 - 3 weeks to arrive despite my paying it electronically. moreover, xxxx is one of the largest digital currency makers in the world yet a paper check was my only recourse. i eventually accepted the paper because it was actually faster than getting my funds cleared. i'd like the cfpb to take action against xxxx for false advertising and not prominently displaying or telling us the length of time that an account can left

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988007545471191
}
