Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9012941,
  "complaint_id": "9012941",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I had ordered a jacket from XXXX off XXXX, the jacket showed delivered but I never received the product, so I ordered an exact replica and reached out to the merchant, who declined the refund, I reached out to the merchant multiple times and they would not refund without giving any explanation. So I reached out to my credit card Goldman Sachs apple card and they started an investigation but soon came back and without giving any evidence told me that its denied, since then I have disputed this amount 4 times and today it came back again. Furthermore there is a {$960.00} charge on the card which I absolutely did not make and Apple card has zero information on that transaction, whether what the product was where was it purchased and where is the receipt in my apple account? no answers to that just declining the dispute again and again. I am at my wits end with spending several days trying to get this resolved. Finally I am asking the government to help please.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "10035",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA",
  "date_received": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "I had ordered a jacket from XXXX off XXXX, the jacket showed delivered but I never received the product, so I ordered an exact replica and reached out to the merchant, who declined the refund, I reached out to the merchant multiple times and they would not refund without giving any explanation. So I reached out to my credit card Goldman Sachs apple card and they started an investigation but soon came back and without giving any evidence told me that its denied, since then I have disputed this amount 4 times and today it came back again. Furthermore there is a {$960.00} charge on the card which I absolutely did not make and Apple card has zero information on that transaction, whether what the product was where was it purchased and where is the receipt in my apple account? no answers to that just declining the dispute again and again. I am at my wits end with spending several days trying to get this resolved. Finally I am asking the government to help please."
}

Chunk:
i had ordered a jacket from xxxx off xxxx, the jacket showed delivered but i never received the product, so i ordered an exact replica and reached out to the merchant, who declined the refund, i reached out to the merchant multiple times and they would not refund without giving any explanation. so i reached out to my credit card goldman sachs apple card and they started an investigation but soon came back and without giving any evidence told me that its denied, since then i have disputed this amount 4 times and today it came back again. furthermore there is a { $ 960. 00 } charge on the card which i absolutely did not make and apple card has zero information on that transaction, whether what the product was where was it purchased and where is the receipt in my apple account? no answers to that just declining the dispute again and again. i am at my wits end with spending several days trying to get this resolved. finally i am asking the government to help please.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993588328361511
}
