Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9041197,
  "complaint_id": "9041197",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Do you understand what I'm saying? The fact that a company has my card on file doesn't mean they can charge it with whatever they want. I did not subscribe to the fraudulent company ( XXXX XXXX ), yet my card was charged, and the company is not willing to refund my money. There is no proof that I used their service. I reported this issue immediately after noticing the charge and mailed you showing how several other banks were able to save consumers from similar fraudulent charges by this notorious company. Why are you aiding a fraudulent company? I don't know them and did not subscribe to their service. Is it too much to attend to this as a fraudulent charge? When I raised a dispute, why did you side with them, claiming they don't offer refunds to my state? I never subscribed to their service in the first place. I have always paid my debts promptly and do not owe you anything. If you don't help me recover my money, I'll do everything possible to fight both of you ( PayPal and XXXX ) if your mission is to aid fraudulent transactions. Why do you allow a company with zero reputation to use your services? Are they above the laws of this country that you can't give a fair judgment? How can you tell me to reach out to a company I don't know to get my money back? Please, reconsider my case with compassion and fairness. All I'm asking for is a resolution that reflects the truth of the situation and protects consumers from fraudulent activities. If this issue is not resolved promptly, I will escalate it further to as many government agencies as possible to ensure that justice is served, and other consumers are protected from similar fraudulent practices.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "07106",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "Do you understand what I'm saying? The fact that a company has my card on file doesn't mean they can charge it with whatever they want. I did not subscribe to the fraudulent company ( XXXX XXXX ), yet my card was charged, and the company is not willing to refund my money. There is no proof that I used their service. I reported this issue immediately after noticing the charge and mailed you showing how several other banks were able to save consumers from similar fraudulent charges by this notorious company. Why are you aiding a fraudulent company? I don't know them and did not subscribe to their service. Is it too much to attend to this as a fraudulent charge? When I raised a dispute, why did you side with them, claiming they don't offer refunds to my state? I never subscribed to their service in the first place. I have always paid my debts promptly and do not owe you anything. If you don't help me recover my money, I'll do everything possible to fight both of you ( PayPal and XXXX ) if your mission is to aid fraudulent transactions. Why do you allow a company with zero reputation to use your services? Are they above the laws of this country that you can't give a fair judgment? How can you tell me to reach out to a company I don't know to get my money back? Please, reconsider my case with compassion and fairness. All I'm asking for is a resolution that reflects the truth of the situation and protects consumers from fraudulent activities. If this issue is not resolved promptly, I will escalate it further to as many government agencies as possible to ensure that justice is served, and other consumers are protected from similar fraudulent practices."
}

Chunk:
do you understand what i'm saying? the fact that a company has my card on file doesn't mean they can charge it with whatever they want. i did not subscribe to the fraudulent company ( xxxx xxxx ), yet my card was charged, and the company is not willing to refund my money. there is no proof that i used their service. i reported this issue immediately after noticing the charge and mailed you showing how several other banks were able to save consumers from similar fraudulent charges by this notorious company. why are you aiding a fraudulent company? i don't know them and did not subscribe to their service. is it too much to attend to this as a fraudulent charge? when i raised a dispute, why did you side with them, claiming they don't offer refunds to my state? i never subscribed to their service in the first place. i have always paid my debts promptly and do not owe you anything. if you don't help me recover my money, i'll do everything possible to fight both of you ( paypal and xxxx ) if your mission is to aid fraudulent transactions. why do you allow a company with zero reputation to use your services? are they above the laws of this country that you can't give a fair judgment? how can you tell me to reach out to a company i don't know to get my money back? please, reconsider my case with compassion and fairness. all i'm asking for is a resolution that reflects the truth of the situation and protects consumers from fraudulent activities. if this issue is not resolved promptly, i will escalate it further to as many government agencies as possible to ensure that justice is served, and other consumers are protected from similar fraudulent practices.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9940149188041687
}
