Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9194971,
  "complaint_id": "9194971",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I applied for and was approved for a credit card and shortly after receiving it I made XXXX online purchase on XX/XX/XXXX. On XX/XX/XXXX I attempted to use the card in person and was declined. I went to the app to try to figure out what was going on and it said I had no account. When I log onto to the website XXXX cant access my account. When I called the bank I was told they were unable to verify my identity and that I would have to go into a bank and have them call them. They will allow me to make an over the phone payment on the card, but they will not tell me the balance, what is owed, or when it is due. I am temporarily XXXX recovering from an injury so a trip into a bank is more than a minor inconvenience, and the only other option I was provided was emailing in various notarized documentation that I dont have on hand. So in the end they allowed me to open a credit line in my name and make two purchases, then locked the account saying they are unable to verify my identity, and will only allow me to guess how much and when to pay. I have no interest in doing business with them any longer, however closing the account will negatively affect my credit score. It is irresponsible and deceptive to allow a credit line to be opened without sufficient identity verification especially when I, as a consumer, have no remedy without damaging my credit score.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "90027",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA",
  "date_received": "2024-06-06T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "I applied for and was approved for a credit card and shortly after receiving it I made XXXX online purchase on XX/XX/XXXX. On XX/XX/XXXX I attempted to use the card in person and was declined. I went to the app to try to figure out what was going on and it said I had no account. When I log onto to the website XXXX cant access my account. When I called the bank I was told they were unable to verify my identity and that I would have to go into a bank and have them call them. They will allow me to make an over the phone payment on the card, but they will not tell me the balance, what is owed, or when it is due. I am temporarily XXXX recovering from an injury so a trip into a bank is more than a minor inconvenience, and the only other option I was provided was emailing in various notarized documentation that I dont have on hand. So in the end they allowed me to open a credit line in my name and make two purchases, then locked the account saying they are unable to verify my identity, and will only allow me to guess how much and when to pay. I have no interest in doing business with them any longer, however closing the account will negatively affect my credit score. It is irresponsible and deceptive to allow a credit line to be opened without sufficient identity verification especially when I, as a consumer, have no remedy without damaging my credit score."
}

Chunk:
i applied for and was approved for a credit card and shortly after receiving it i made xxxx online purchase on xx / xx / xxxx. on xx / xx / xxxx i attempted to use the card in person and was declined. i went to the app to try to figure out what was going on and it said i had no account. when i log onto to the website xxxx cant access my account. when i called the bank i was told they were unable to verify my identity and that i would have to go into a bank and have them call them. they will allow me to make an over the phone payment on the card, but they will not tell me the balance, what is owed, or when it is due. i am temporarily xxxx recovering from an injury so a trip into a bank is more than a minor inconvenience, and the only other option i was provided was emailing in various notarized documentation that i dont have on hand. so in the end they allowed me to open a credit line in my name and make two purchases, then locked the account saying they are unable to verify my identity, and will only allow me to guess how much and when to pay. i have no interest in doing business with them any longer, however closing the account will negatively affect my credit score. it is irresponsible and deceptive to allow a credit line to be opened without sufficient identity verification especially when i, as a consumer, have no remedy without damaging my credit score.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991239905357361
}
