Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9217522,
  "complaint_id": "9217522",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "A few months ago, XXXX XXXX ( AA ) locked my AAdvatage Account due to a security issue. AA required me to create a new account. The old account is XXXX. The new accout is XXXX. My elite status, Citi World Elite MasterCard ( which includes my AAdmiral 's Club membership ), etc., has not transferred over to the new account, and, when I try to merge the old account with the new account, it says : \" Unable to merge account # XXXX because it's registered in the AAdvantage Business program. Work with your travel manager to remove this account from the business profile, and then try again. '' I am the \" travel manager '' of the business. The business account number is XXXX. I have repeatedly asked AA to delink the old personal account from the Business Account and/or to delete the Business Account so that I can merge the two personal accounts and resume receiving the many benefits that I am paying for.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "60613",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-11T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with rewards from credit card",
  "text": "A few months ago, XXXX XXXX ( AA ) locked my AAdvatage Account due to a security issue. AA required me to create a new account. The old account is XXXX. The new accout is XXXX. My elite status, Citi World Elite MasterCard ( which includes my AAdmiral 's Club membership ), etc., has not transferred over to the new account, and, when I try to merge the old account with the new account, it says : \" Unable to merge account # XXXX because it's registered in the AAdvantage Business program. Work with your travel manager to remove this account from the business profile, and then try again. '' I am the \" travel manager '' of the business. The business account number is XXXX. I have repeatedly asked AA to delink the old personal account from the Business Account and/or to delete the Business Account so that I can merge the two personal accounts and resume receiving the many benefits that I am paying for."
}

Chunk:
a few months ago, xxxx xxxx ( aa ) locked my aadvatage account due to a security issue. aa required me to create a new account. the old account is xxxx. the new accout is xxxx. my elite status, citi world elite mastercard ( which includes my aadmiral's club membership ), etc., has not transferred over to the new account, and, when i try to merge the old account with the new account, it says : " unable to merge account # xxxx because it's registered in the aadvantage business program. work with your travel manager to remove this account from the business profile, and then try again.'' i am the " travel manager'' of the business. the business account number is xxxx. i have repeatedly asked aa to delink the old personal account from the business account and / or to delete the business account so that i can merge the two personal accounts and resume receiving the many benefits that i am paying for.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994526505470276
}
