Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9136119,
  "complaint_id": "9136119",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "This is regarding a concern about a business credit card application submitted XX/XX/2024, with the application number XXXX. My application was denied on false premises, and I have reached out to Truist for help in this matter. It was bought to my attention when I spoke to a representative over the phone that I mistakenly put my filing number when my TIN number was needed. The representative told me to send a letter via mail, and to send an email to XXXX in which I did. When I emailed Truist, they informed me that they could not validate my information which is weird because I gave them everything that I gave the agent over the phone who was able to validate my information. I am under the impression that the agent did not want to conduct a proper investigation to help remedy this problem. I am only now submitting this complaint after XXXX XXXX because it is obvious this has fell on deaf ears. My application was submitted to secure a business credit card for my business. My personal credit, business credit, and revenue is up to par. I am asking for reconsideration giving that this application was denied based on misinformation. Extending my business this credit would help me establish a relationship with your company. I have attached all docs for your reference including my personal credit reports, business credit report, XXXX, filing number, email correspondence, and the letter mailed which is dated and time stamped. I am asking that there is no hard pull performed being that my most recent credit report ( XXXX XXXX ) is attached. I look forward to a favorable decision from your company. Thank you for your time.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "75104",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Application denied",
  "text": "This is regarding a concern about a business credit card application submitted XX/XX/2024, with the application number XXXX. My application was denied on false premises, and I have reached out to Truist for help in this matter. It was bought to my attention when I spoke to a representative over the phone that I mistakenly put my filing number when my TIN number was needed. The representative told me to send a letter via mail, and to send an email to XXXX in which I did. When I emailed Truist, they informed me that they could not validate my information which is weird because I gave them everything that I gave the agent over the phone who was able to validate my information. I am under the impression that the agent did not want to conduct a proper investigation to help remedy this problem. I am only now submitting this complaint after XXXX XXXX because it is obvious this has fell on deaf ears. My application was submitted to secure a business credit card for my business. My personal credit, business credit, and revenue is up to par. I am asking for reconsideration giving that this application was denied based on misinformation. Extending my business this credit would help me establish a relationship with your company. I have attached all docs for your reference including my personal credit reports, business credit report, XXXX, filing number, email correspondence, and the letter mailed which is dated and time stamped. I am asking that there is no hard pull performed being that my most recent credit report ( XXXX XXXX ) is attached. I look forward to a favorable decision from your company. Thank you for your time."
}

Chunk:
this is regarding a concern about a business credit card application submitted xx / xx / 2024, with the application number xxxx. my application was denied on false premises, and i have reached out to truist for help in this matter. it was bought to my attention when i spoke to a representative over the phone that i mistakenly put my filing number when my tin number was needed. the representative told me to send a letter via mail, and to send an email to xxxx in which i did. when i emailed truist, they informed me that they could not validate my information which is weird because i gave them everything that i gave the agent over the phone who was able to validate my information. i am under the impression that the agent did not want to conduct a proper investigation to help remedy this problem. i am only now submitting this complaint after xxxx xxxx because it is obvious this has fell on deaf ears. my application was submitted to secure a business credit card for my business. my personal credit, business credit, and revenue is up to par. i am asking for reconsideration giving that this application was denied based on misinformation. extending my business this credit would help me establish a relationship with your company. i have attached all docs for your reference including my personal credit reports, business credit report, xxxx, filing number, email correspondence, and the letter mailed which is dated and time stamped. i am asking that there is no hard pull performed being that my most recent credit report ( xxxx xxxx ) is attached. i look forward to a favorable decision from your company. thank you for your time.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9969435334205627
}
