Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9373799,
  "complaint_id": "9373799",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Using citibank credit card, my flight was booked incorrectly by XXXX XXXX. When I booked the flight, i booked for XXXX passengers. XXXX didn't send any email containing passenger details. They just mentioned flight number, date and confirmation number. On the day of travel, when I tried to check in online, it issued only XXXX boarding pass. Upon contacting XXXX they said it wasn't booked for XXXX passenger and then they started asking for proof, how can i give proof if they never sent comprehensive email with correct details? They admitted the mistake but still they are refusing to refund my amount and I ended up following up with them and credit card company. They didn't care much and closed the dispute in favor of XXXX XXXX while the credit card companies claim that they help with travel issues etc!. At the last minute, I had to travel with expensive end moment tickets. This is so unfair and unethical practice by airline and unsupportive credit card companies. I have lost {$540.00} and had to spend additional XXXX for new last minute tickets.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "08844",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Using citibank credit card, my flight was booked incorrectly by XXXX XXXX. When I booked the flight, i booked for XXXX passengers. XXXX didn't send any email containing passenger details. They just mentioned flight number, date and confirmation number. On the day of travel, when I tried to check in online, it issued only XXXX boarding pass. Upon contacting XXXX they said it wasn't booked for XXXX passenger and then they started asking for proof, how can i give proof if they never sent comprehensive email with correct details? They admitted the mistake but still they are refusing to refund my amount and I ended up following up with them and credit card company. They didn't care much and closed the dispute in favor of XXXX XXXX while the credit card companies claim that they help with travel issues etc!. At the last minute, I had to travel with expensive end moment tickets. This is so unfair and unethical practice by airline and unsupportive credit card companies. I have lost {$540.00} and had to spend additional XXXX for new last minute tickets."
}

Chunk:
using citibank credit card, my flight was booked incorrectly by xxxx xxxx. when i booked the flight, i booked for xxxx passengers. xxxx didn't send any email containing passenger details. they just mentioned flight number, date and confirmation number. on the day of travel, when i tried to check in online, it issued only xxxx boarding pass. upon contacting xxxx they said it wasn't booked for xxxx passenger and then they started asking for proof, how can i give proof if they never sent comprehensive email with correct details? they admitted the mistake but still they are refusing to refund my amount and i ended up following up with them and credit card company. they didn't care much and closed the dispute in favor of xxxx xxxx while the credit card companies claim that they help with travel issues etc!. at the last minute, i had to travel with expensive end moment tickets. this is so unfair and unethical practice by airline and unsupportive credit card companies. i have lost { $ 540. 00 } and had to spend additional xxxx for new last minute tickets.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995204210281372
}
