Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9298998,
  "complaint_id": "9298998",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I went to a local Macys store where the cashier asked me if Im interested in receiving a discount on the day of my purchase and I said yes. However, I was not notified that this was a credit card application and she would therefore be running my credit. I called after I received the card and Macys asked me to pay the balance which I did because I was not aware that you are not supposed to pay the balance when disputing which was also misleading as I had originally expressed that this was opened without consent of running my credit. Now I am disputing the card on my credit report with the 3 bureaus and they are not removing this off of my account. They are marking it consumer request closed. According to my credit report, you can clearly see I dont have any retail store credit cards and I would never want them.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "088XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "I went to a local Macys store where the cashier asked me if Im interested in receiving a discount on the day of my purchase and I said yes. However, I was not notified that this was a credit card application and she would therefore be running my credit. I called after I received the card and Macys asked me to pay the balance which I did because I was not aware that you are not supposed to pay the balance when disputing which was also misleading as I had originally expressed that this was opened without consent of running my credit. Now I am disputing the card on my credit report with the 3 bureaus and they are not removing this off of my account. They are marking it consumer request closed. According to my credit report, you can clearly see I dont have any retail store credit cards and I would never want them."
}

Chunk:
i went to a local macys store where the cashier asked me if im interested in receiving a discount on the day of my purchase and i said yes. however, i was not notified that this was a credit card application and she would therefore be running my credit. i called after i received the card and macys asked me to pay the balance which i did because i was not aware that you are not supposed to pay the balance when disputing which was also misleading as i had originally expressed that this was opened without consent of running my credit. now i am disputing the card on my credit report with the 3 bureaus and they are not removing this off of my account. they are marking it consumer request closed. according to my credit report, you can clearly see i dont have any retail store credit cards and i would never want them.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994543194770813
}
