Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9492378,
  "complaint_id": "9492378",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Was in the process of making orders like normal. Card kept getting denied/rejected, shortly after logged into app and found an alert saying to verify my transactions. A XXXX number was provided through the app and I called. Got connected to a live rep, who asked a series of questions related to account security. From the security text message, childhood nick name. I refused and was then asked for full credit card number which I refused and was then asked for other cards/accounts that I had with Citibank. I refused to answer all of the questions and hung up. \n\nReviewed the Citibank app and website and there is not other way to contact customer service. Per their text message of them stating they will not call or text for the security code, and common knowledge of not giving you full credit card information to unverifiable/sketchy representatives, there is no way to reactivate my credit card. A search on Citibank shows this issue has been ongoing with other customers as well. \n\nSo either the bank is terrible at security, lacks review of their security measures, missing common sense, or their app and web site has been compromised by scammers. This is a terrible methodology of security, locking customer cards without notification and an abysmal procedure to unlock the credit card. I would be stranded with no way to pay for bills/purchases if this had happen while I was out and about. The inability to unlock your account without compromising your personal information and account information to unlock if this even was a real representative from Citibank, is an invitation for scammers/data leak. There needs to be an investigation/oversight in this process and the lack of accountability with account security with this bank, if they are so incompetent with something this simple ; Im not sure how great they can be with other aspects of consumer protection.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "53220",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-13T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Privacy issues",
  "text": "Was in the process of making orders like normal. Card kept getting denied/rejected, shortly after logged into app and found an alert saying to verify my transactions. A XXXX number was provided through the app and I called. Got connected to a live rep, who asked a series of questions related to account security. From the security text message, childhood nick name. I refused and was then asked for full credit card number which I refused and was then asked for other cards/accounts that I had with Citibank. I refused to answer all of the questions and hung up. \n\nReviewed the Citibank app and website and there is not other way to contact customer service. Per their text message of them stating they will not call or text for the security code, and common knowledge of not giving you full credit card information to unverifiable/sketchy representatives, there is no way to reactivate my credit card. A search on Citibank shows this issue has been ongoing with other customers as well. \n\nSo either the bank is terrible at security, lacks review of their security measures, missing common sense, or their app and web site has been compromised by scammers. This is a terrible methodology of security, locking customer cards without notification and an abysmal procedure to unlock the credit card. I would be stranded with no way to pay for bills/purchases if this had happen while I was out and about. The inability to unlock your account without compromising your personal information and account information to unlock if this even was a real representative from Citibank, is an invitation for scammers/data leak. There needs to be an investigation/oversight in this process and the lack of accountability with account security with this bank, if they are so incompetent with something this simple ; Im not sure how great they can be with other aspects of consumer protection."
}

Chunk:
was in the process of making orders like normal. card kept getting denied / rejected, shortly after logged into app and found an alert saying to verify my transactions. a xxxx number was provided through the app and i called. got connected to a live rep, who asked a series of questions related to account security. from the security text message, childhood nick name. i refused and was then asked for full credit card number which i refused and was then asked for other cards / accounts that i had with citibank. i refused to answer all of the questions and hung up. reviewed the citibank app and website and there is not other way to contact customer service. per their text message of them stating they will not call or text for the security code, and common knowledge of not giving you full credit card information to unverifiable / sketchy representatives, there is no way to reactivate my credit card. a search on citibank shows this issue has been ongoing with other customers as well. so either the bank is terrible at security, lacks review of their security measures, missing common sense, or their app and web site has been compromised by scammers. this is a terrible methodology of security, locking customer cards without notification and an abysmal procedure to unlock the credit card. i would be stranded with no way to pay for bills / purchases if this had happen while i was out and about. the inability to unlock your account without compromising your personal information and account information to unlock if this even was a real representative from citibank, is an invitation for scammers / data leak. there needs to be an investigation / oversight in this process and the lack of accountability with account security with this bank, if they are so incompetent with something this simple ; im not sure how great they can be with other aspects of consumer protection.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996387958526611
}
