Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9088292,
  "complaint_id": "9088292",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I applied for a loan to purchase a computer. After receiving the laptop, I paid the entire bill without any issues. However, I later began receiving bills for {$7.00} for an account I never signed up for. I contacted the company, and they assured me they would remove the amount and close the account. Although they closed the account as promised, they continued to send me bills and added the amount to my credit report. The bill has now increased to {$77.00} due to growing late fees. I disputed the account, but the three reporting agencies claimed it was accurate. I was unaware of the existence of this secondary account. The company should have disclosed this information to me. I would have informed them that I did not require the additional services if they had. The purchase came with a warranty. My sole intention was to purchase a computer. I urgently need assistance removing this incorrect information from my credit report, as it shows that I was late in paying a bill that I was unaware of.\n\nI request the removal of three late payments from all three credit reporting bureaus. Additionally, I was unaware of the service fee after the contract ended and would like it to be eliminated. I also request that the service be stopped from accruing any more late payments. If the service were included in my contract, I would like it to stop once the contract is paid in full. They should send a letter or email confirming that the service will stop once the computer is paid in full and allow me to opt for an extension if I choose to continue the services. The service is hidden in the contract with the loan of the service, and I would like more transparency in this matter.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "60620",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Confusing or misleading advertising about the credit card",
  "text": "I applied for a loan to purchase a computer. After receiving the laptop, I paid the entire bill without any issues. However, I later began receiving bills for {$7.00} for an account I never signed up for. I contacted the company, and they assured me they would remove the amount and close the account. Although they closed the account as promised, they continued to send me bills and added the amount to my credit report. The bill has now increased to {$77.00} due to growing late fees. I disputed the account, but the three reporting agencies claimed it was accurate. I was unaware of the existence of this secondary account. The company should have disclosed this information to me. I would have informed them that I did not require the additional services if they had. The purchase came with a warranty. My sole intention was to purchase a computer. I urgently need assistance removing this incorrect information from my credit report, as it shows that I was late in paying a bill that I was unaware of.\n\nI request the removal of three late payments from all three credit reporting bureaus. Additionally, I was unaware of the service fee after the contract ended and would like it to be eliminated. I also request that the service be stopped from accruing any more late payments. If the service were included in my contract, I would like it to stop once the contract is paid in full. They should send a letter or email confirming that the service will stop once the computer is paid in full and allow me to opt for an extension if I choose to continue the services. The service is hidden in the contract with the loan of the service, and I would like more transparency in this matter."
}

Chunk:
i applied for a loan to purchase a computer. after receiving the laptop, i paid the entire bill without any issues. however, i later began receiving bills for { $ 7. 00 } for an account i never signed up for. i contacted the company, and they assured me they would remove the amount and close the account. although they closed the account as promised, they continued to send me bills and added the amount to my credit report. the bill has now increased to { $ 77. 00 } due to growing late fees. i disputed the account, but the three reporting agencies claimed it was accurate. i was unaware of the existence of this secondary account. the company should have disclosed this information to me. i would have informed them that i did not require the additional services if they had. the purchase came with a warranty. my sole intention was to purchase a computer. i urgently need assistance removing this incorrect information from my credit report, as it shows that i was late in paying a bill that i was unaware of. i request the removal of three late payments from all three credit reporting bureaus. additionally, i was unaware of the service fee after the contract ended and would like it to be eliminated. i also request that the service be stopped from accruing any more late payments. if the service were included in my contract, i would like it to stop once the contract is paid in full. they should send a letter or email confirming that the service will stop once the computer is paid in full and allow me to opt for an extension if i choose to continue the services. the service is hidden in the contract with the loan of the service, and i would like more transparency in this matter.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9982298016548157
}
