Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9009231,
  "complaint_id": "9009231",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I received a welcoming email to a Zales credit card but I thought it was a phishing email and then days later I received an email stating the my order was delivered to an unfamiliar address with my telephone number attached, but it still appeared to be a scam. Then on XX/XX/2024 I received a XXXX email for a survey for \" my product ''. I called the customer service number for Sales and they immediately gave me my balance and usage once I gave the last XXXX digits of my social. I did not apply for a Zales credit card. I was then connected to the fraud department after advising customer service that I did not authorize the credit card. They asked me a lot of questions but could not tell me much over the phone except they would send me correspondence in the mail in XXXX to XXXX business days. At that point I didn't really feel comfortable because they couldn't tell me where the purchase was made, except that it was in store. No store location or time. Only the date. I am submitting this complaint because no one should have been able to open an account without some form of a valid drivers license.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "19720",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "DE",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "I received a welcoming email to a Zales credit card but I thought it was a phishing email and then days later I received an email stating the my order was delivered to an unfamiliar address with my telephone number attached, but it still appeared to be a scam. Then on XX/XX/2024 I received a XXXX email for a survey for \" my product ''. I called the customer service number for Sales and they immediately gave me my balance and usage once I gave the last XXXX digits of my social. I did not apply for a Zales credit card. I was then connected to the fraud department after advising customer service that I did not authorize the credit card. They asked me a lot of questions but could not tell me much over the phone except they would send me correspondence in the mail in XXXX to XXXX business days. At that point I didn't really feel comfortable because they couldn't tell me where the purchase was made, except that it was in store. No store location or time. Only the date. I am submitting this complaint because no one should have been able to open an account without some form of a valid drivers license."
}

Chunk:
i received a welcoming email to a zales credit card but i thought it was a phishing email and then days later i received an email stating the my order was delivered to an unfamiliar address with my telephone number attached, but it still appeared to be a scam. then on xx / xx / 2024 i received a xxxx email for a survey for " my product''. i called the customer service number for sales and they immediately gave me my balance and usage once i gave the last xxxx digits of my social. i did not apply for a zales credit card. i was then connected to the fraud department after advising customer service that i did not authorize the credit card. they asked me a lot of questions but could not tell me much over the phone except they would send me correspondence in the mail in xxxx to xxxx business days. at that point i didn't really feel comfortable because they couldn't tell me where the purchase was made, except that it was in store. no store location or time. only the date. i am submitting this complaint because no one should have been able to open an account without some form of a valid drivers license.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995143413543701
}
