Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9258991,
  "complaint_id": "9258991",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Synchrony Bank ( IID XXXX ) XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, FL XXXX Dear sir, I want to complain your recent review submitted to CFPB. As you stated in several times, my credit account related to your company was closed completely, therefore, I insist you do not have the right to submit entire past reviews, such as statements and other evidence which suggest my personal information. Clearly, I state your company employee ( s ) do not have the right to expose my personal information such as financial transaction in public. If your employee ( s ) dare to submit the review ( s ) to CFPB, he/she/they should only submit the recent documents not old and past one which consume the memory/data space. Your company should train your employee ( s ) on this matter. As we agreed to close the credit card, the issue of reward certificates turned into null ; therefore, we do not have to contact with any other parties regarding any matters related to the card. You do not have to mention to contact with XXXX for the past purchases. There is no relationship with this company and shops by this closed credit card ; even though I might purchase something from this franchise shop with cash or other credit card ( s ). It is offending that your side tell me to contact with XXXX regarding the purchases made by closed credit card, since I insist the fault is on your company which ended to closure of the credit card. Therefore, please do not mention to contact with this shop ; otherwise, I suspect your company has some relationship with employee ( s ) of this shop and trying to plan something for the benefit of your company. Whatever your company employee ( s ) state ( s ) I do not want any credit card from your company, especially when I suspect the fraud. And I believe it is natural feeling to the victim of fraud, since who wants to have the relationship which harm me. I wonder whether I have mentioned the credit report companies requesting identification verification from me. I just stated I have good enough correspondences already ; therefore, I do not want to contact with them. \nYour employee stated that Synchrony Bank may share [ my ] account information with third parties. And you, whoever you are, ask me to review privacy policy and the following clauses enclosed in your terms and conditions, and mentioned something that you can share the information among XXXX companies and if I have some matters to dispute to report it to your XXXX office. Anyway, my account is closed already, I insist you do not have the right anymore to share my information with your XXXX companies and even third parties. In other words, you should discard/delete my information from your data. Once you share with other parties, you are considered to commit the data breach, since I do not any obligation to agree the sharing of my information. Therefore, you should not mention this anymore because of the termination of credit card. If you insist you have the right to share my information with other parties, I need to report your company which might be the origin of leak of identification ending up the identity theft. \nI am not sure what kind of legal correspondence I might have since we should not have any relationship, since I paid off everything to terminate the relationship with your company. \nI never mentioned I had postal service with your company, Synchrony, even though I had many issues with other organizations. As I stated above, I do not need the copy of past statement of closed credit card, since I received already 5 large envelops which contains some kind of statement of closed credit card. \nI can not understand at all what you mean by stating you regret the letter we sent [ my ] billing statements that [ I ] have enclosed with [ my ] inquiry does not identify that it is coming from [ your ] general customer service signature. I never made issue with signature ; there I can not understand this matter at all. Since I have received the refund from Synchrony Bank itself by closing the banking account of Synchrony Bank, I insist I do not have any account in your bank. Please do not mention I have the account with your bank. I do not want to have the account which have the employee ( s ) who say incongruity to the customer ( s ), especially, it relates with finance. Since we do not have any relationship due to the closure of Synchrony Bank account, I do not want to have any correspondence including phone. \nSincerely,",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "076XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "Synchrony Bank ( IID XXXX ) XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, FL XXXX Dear sir, I want to complain your recent review submitted to CFPB. As you stated in several times, my credit account related to your company was closed completely, therefore, I insist you do not have the right to submit entire past reviews, such as statements and other evidence which suggest my personal information. Clearly, I state your company employee ( s ) do not have the right to expose my personal information such as financial transaction in public. If your employee ( s ) dare to submit the review ( s ) to CFPB, he/she/they should only submit the recent documents not old and past one which consume the memory/data space. Your company should train your employee ( s ) on this matter. As we agreed to close the credit card, the issue of reward certificates turned into null ; therefore, we do not have to contact with any other parties regarding any matters related to the card. You do not have to mention to contact with XXXX for the past purchases. There is no relationship with this company and shops by this closed credit card ; even though I might purchase something from this franchise shop with cash or other credit card ( s ). It is offending that your side tell me to contact with XXXX regarding the purchases made by closed credit card, since I insist the fault is on your company which ended to closure of the credit card. Therefore, please do not mention to contact with this shop ; otherwise, I suspect your company has some relationship with employee ( s ) of this shop and trying to plan something for the benefit of your company. Whatever your company employee ( s ) state ( s ) I do not want any credit card from your company, especially when I suspect the fraud. And I believe it is natural feeling to the victim of fraud, since who wants to have the relationship which harm me. I wonder whether I have mentioned the credit report companies requesting identification verification from me. I just stated I have good enough correspondences already ; therefore, I do not want to contact with them. \nYour employee stated that Synchrony Bank may share [ my ] account information with third parties. And you, whoever you are, ask me to review privacy policy and the following clauses enclosed in your terms and conditions, and mentioned something that you can share the information among XXXX companies and if I have some matters to dispute to report it to your XXXX office. Anyway, my account is closed already, I insist you do not have the right anymore to share my information with your XXXX companies and even third parties. In other words, you should discard/delete my information from your data. Once you share with other parties, you are considered to commit the data breach, since I do not any obligation to agree the sharing of my information. Therefore, you should not mention this anymore because of the termination of credit card. If you insist you have the right to share my information with other parties, I need to report your company which might be the origin of leak of identification ending up the identity theft. \nI am not sure what kind of legal correspondence I might have since we should not have any relationship, since I paid off everything to terminate the relationship with your company. \nI never mentioned I had postal service with your company, Synchrony, even though I had many issues with other organizations. As I stated above, I do not need the copy of past statement of closed credit card, since I received already 5 large envelops which contains some kind of statement of closed credit card. \nI can not understand at all what you mean by stating you regret the letter we sent [ my ] billing statements that [ I ] have enclosed with [ my ] inquiry does not identify that it is coming from [ your ] general customer service signature. I never made issue with signature ; there I can not understand this matter at all. Since I have received the refund from Synchrony Bank itself by closing the banking account of Synchrony Bank, I insist I do not have any account in your bank. Please do not mention I have the account with your bank. I do not want to have the account which have the employee ( s ) who say incongruity to the customer ( s ), especially, it relates with finance. Since we do not have any relationship due to the closure of Synchrony Bank account, I do not want to have any correspondence including phone. \nSincerely,"
}

Chunk:
, i insist you do not have the right anymore to share my information with your xxxx companies and even third parties. in other words, you should discard / delete my information from your data. once you share with other parties, you are considered to commit the data breach, since i do not any obligation to agree the sharing of my information. therefore, you should not mention this anymore because of the termination of credit card. if you insist you have the right to share my information with other parties, i need to report your company which might be the origin of leak of identification ending up the identity theft. i am not sure what kind of legal correspondence i might have since we should not have any relationship, since i paid off everything to terminate the relationship with your company. i never mentioned i had postal service with your company, synchrony, even though i had many issues with other organizations. as i stated above, i do not need the copy of past statement of closed credit card, since i received already 5 large envelops which contains some kind of statement of closed credit card. i can not understand at all what you mean by stating you regret the letter we sent [ my ] billing statements that [ i ] have enclosed with [ my ] inquiry does not identify that it is coming from [ your ] general customer service signature. i never made issue with signature ; there i can not understand this matter at all. since i have received the refund from synchrony bank itself by closing the banking account of synchrony bank, i insist i do not have any account in your bank. please do not mention i have the account with your bank. i do not want to have the account which have the employee ( s ) who say incongruity to the customer ( s ), especially, it relates with finance. since we do not have any relationship due to the closure of synchrony bank account, i do not want to have any correspondence including phone. sincerely,

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9988861680030823
}
