Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9593405,
  "complaint_id": "9593405",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I signed up for an XXXX XXXX XXXX credit card through the XXXX XXXX website. The offer I signed up for I attached a picture of my computer monitor of the offer that I clicked on to sign up. I triple checked the offer when signing up and I made sure it was the correct one I even read the terms and conditions while signing up and included the {$400.00} flight credit on Americanairlines.com purchases in the first 6 months after opening as well as free checked bags for up to four people with no time limit. This was also supposed to have a spend {$1500.00} get XXXX miles offer too. What I ended up getting was an offer of spend {$2500.00} get XXXX mi and none of the other perks and that is definitely not what I signed up for. The whole reason I got this card was because of the flight credit and free checked bags and I would have never chosen the XXXX XXXX flight because there were others that would have been cheaper. This is completely messing up my vacation. I called the first time about this and they told me would offer I had which was not the one I signed up for and they gave me an email to send my proof and concerns to. ( XXXX ) I emailed them with my concerns and the proof and never heard back so I called back today and went up the chain of higher and higher supervisors/managers three times and they still refuse to honor the deal even with my included proof. They were demanding an actual letter that was addressed to me or an email address to me which they do not do that for this offer and that's why they ask because they know it's impossible to prove. It's only on the website and for some reason they won't take that proof. \n\nIf you read that email address included it tells me this happens way too often if they have a dedicated email for this. Also if you just search XXXX XXXX XXXX credit card offer issue you'll find endless XXXX posts of many many people with the same issue. This seems like a continual problem and like they do it all the time and to everyone. This was 100 % a bait and switch they bait you in with a good offer and then switch it up on you in the system so it's not the same as you signed up for.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "601XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Didn't receive advertised or promotional terms",
  "text": "I signed up for an XXXX XXXX XXXX credit card through the XXXX XXXX website. The offer I signed up for I attached a picture of my computer monitor of the offer that I clicked on to sign up. I triple checked the offer when signing up and I made sure it was the correct one I even read the terms and conditions while signing up and included the {$400.00} flight credit on Americanairlines.com purchases in the first 6 months after opening as well as free checked bags for up to four people with no time limit. This was also supposed to have a spend {$1500.00} get XXXX miles offer too. What I ended up getting was an offer of spend {$2500.00} get XXXX mi and none of the other perks and that is definitely not what I signed up for. The whole reason I got this card was because of the flight credit and free checked bags and I would have never chosen the XXXX XXXX flight because there were others that would have been cheaper. This is completely messing up my vacation. I called the first time about this and they told me would offer I had which was not the one I signed up for and they gave me an email to send my proof and concerns to. ( XXXX ) I emailed them with my concerns and the proof and never heard back so I called back today and went up the chain of higher and higher supervisors/managers three times and they still refuse to honor the deal even with my included proof. They were demanding an actual letter that was addressed to me or an email address to me which they do not do that for this offer and that's why they ask because they know it's impossible to prove. It's only on the website and for some reason they won't take that proof. \n\nIf you read that email address included it tells me this happens way too often if they have a dedicated email for this. Also if you just search XXXX XXXX XXXX credit card offer issue you'll find endless XXXX posts of many many people with the same issue. This seems like a continual problem and like they do it all the time and to everyone. This was 100 % a bait and switch they bait you in with a good offer and then switch it up on you in the system so it's not the same as you signed up for."
}

Chunk:
i signed up for an xxxx xxxx xxxx credit card through the xxxx xxxx website. the offer i signed up for i attached a picture of my computer monitor of the offer that i clicked on to sign up. i triple checked the offer when signing up and i made sure it was the correct one i even read the terms and conditions while signing up and included the { $ 400. 00 } flight credit on americanairlines. com purchases in the first 6 months after opening as well as free checked bags for up to four people with no time limit. this was also supposed to have a spend { $ 1500. 00 } get xxxx miles offer too. what i ended up getting was an offer of spend { $ 2500. 00 } get xxxx mi and none of the other perks and that is definitely not what i signed up for. the whole reason i got this card was because of the flight credit and free checked bags and i would have never chosen the xxxx xxxx flight because there were others that would have been cheaper. this is completely messing up my vacation. i called the first time about this and they told me would offer i had which was not the one i signed up for and they gave me an email to send my proof and concerns to. ( xxxx ) i emailed them with my concerns and the proof and never heard back so i called back today and went up the chain of higher and higher supervisors / managers three times and they still refuse to honor the deal even with my included proof. they were demanding an actual letter that was addressed to me or an email address to me which they do not do that for this offer and that's why they ask because they know it's impossible to prove. it's only on the website and for some reason they won't take that proof. if you read that email address included it tells me this happens way too often if they have a dedicated email for this. also if you just search xxxx xxxx xxxx credit card offer issue you'll find endless xxxx posts of many many people with the same issue. this seems like a continual problem and like they do it all the time and to everyone. this was 100 % a bait and switch they bait you in with a good offer and then switch it up on you in the system so it's not the same as you signed up for.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994181394577026
}
