Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9134320,
  "complaint_id": "9134320",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "As a long time customer with a record of not saving receipts and stupidly does not check statements every month, i am guessing people inside capital one take advantage and add small fraudulent charges. I think they have been doing this for a few years, starting with a restaurant in a city in the same state and charged me a small amount monthly. I disputed and it was weirdly difficult to stop the monthly charges to a restaurant hours away from a grocery store i bought items at near the same time. I think they got smarter and hid the fraudulent transactions better. I caught on today because of mismatched numbers due to a glitch in their system and an agent lying to me and changing numbers on my account as I looked at it. Whoever in capital one made the fraudulent charges may not live in the united states, because they don't understand the size of a state.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "98008",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "As a long time customer with a record of not saving receipts and stupidly does not check statements every month, i am guessing people inside capital one take advantage and add small fraudulent charges. I think they have been doing this for a few years, starting with a restaurant in a city in the same state and charged me a small amount monthly. I disputed and it was weirdly difficult to stop the monthly charges to a restaurant hours away from a grocery store i bought items at near the same time. I think they got smarter and hid the fraudulent transactions better. I caught on today because of mismatched numbers due to a glitch in their system and an agent lying to me and changing numbers on my account as I looked at it. Whoever in capital one made the fraudulent charges may not live in the united states, because they don't understand the size of a state."
}

Chunk:
as a long time customer with a record of not saving receipts and stupidly does not check statements every month, i am guessing people inside capital one take advantage and add small fraudulent charges. i think they have been doing this for a few years, starting with a restaurant in a city in the same state and charged me a small amount monthly. i disputed and it was weirdly difficult to stop the monthly charges to a restaurant hours away from a grocery store i bought items at near the same time. i think they got smarter and hid the fraudulent transactions better. i caught on today because of mismatched numbers due to a glitch in their system and an agent lying to me and changing numbers on my account as i looked at it. whoever in capital one made the fraudulent charges may not live in the united states, because they don't understand the size of a state.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9993458390235901
}
