Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9416566,
  "complaint_id": "9416566",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "As a XXXX XXXX customer, I sometimes see the page located at : XXXX XXXX XXXX  If you look toward the middle of the page there is an offer that states : \" When you apply directly through your XXXX XXXX  agent , you can earn up to 5 % cash back on insurance premium payments for the first year with any of the XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX cards . '' The issue with that is that my agent does not find a way to accomplish that, so I contacted XXXX XXXX  customer support, and they suggested I contact another agent and or the bank directly. The next agent I contacted stated they could not find a way to provide the special offer. I messaged US Bank on the platform formally known as XXXX, they gave me the phone number to cardmember services ( XXXX ), I pressed XXXX for people who did not have their card, and explained what I was trying to accomplish, she transferred me to a different \" financial institution ''. I write it like that because they did not seem to want to identify themselves. Now I am here.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "XXXXX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "U.S. BANCORP",
  "date_received": "2024-07-03T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Confusing or misleading advertising about the credit card",
  "text": "As a XXXX XXXX customer, I sometimes see the page located at : XXXX XXXX XXXX  If you look toward the middle of the page there is an offer that states : \" When you apply directly through your XXXX XXXX  agent , you can earn up to 5 % cash back on insurance premium payments for the first year with any of the XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX cards . '' The issue with that is that my agent does not find a way to accomplish that, so I contacted XXXX XXXX  customer support, and they suggested I contact another agent and or the bank directly. The next agent I contacted stated they could not find a way to provide the special offer. I messaged US Bank on the platform formally known as XXXX, they gave me the phone number to cardmember services ( XXXX ), I pressed XXXX for people who did not have their card, and explained what I was trying to accomplish, she transferred me to a different \" financial institution ''. I write it like that because they did not seem to want to identify themselves. Now I am here."
}

Chunk:
as a xxxx xxxx customer, i sometimes see the page located at : xxxx xxxx xxxx if you look toward the middle of the page there is an offer that states : " when you apply directly through your xxxx xxxx agent, you can earn up to 5 % cash back on insurance premium payments for the first year with any of the xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx cards.'' the issue with that is that my agent does not find a way to accomplish that, so i contacted xxxx xxxx customer support, and they suggested i contact another agent and or the bank directly. the next agent i contacted stated they could not find a way to provide the special offer. i messaged us bank on the platform formally known as xxxx, they gave me the phone number to cardmember services ( xxxx ), i pressed xxxx for people who did not have their card, and explained what i was trying to accomplish, she transferred me to a different " financial institution''. i write it like that because they did not seem to want to identify themselves. now i am here.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9947294592857361
}
