Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9562452,
  "complaint_id": "9562452",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/24 my Bank of America credit card was charged {$930.00} at online retailer Back XXXX. I did not place charge. When I noticed it, I called BoA to report a fraud charge. They opened an investigation. They learned that the purchaser had my name, address, billing and shipping address, CCV number. BoA closed my claim saying that it had been delivered to me. In the documents they sent to me, there is a copy of the FedEx shipping information. It says that in the shipping process the item was rerouted to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX. That is not, nor has it ever been as address associated with me or anyone I know. On XX/XX/24 I recieved a letter from XXXX XXXX XXXX saying that my information ( name, address, credit information ) had been compromised. I called BoA again to reopen my claim with this new information. It was rapidly closed, even before I could submit the information. Again, I called to reopen it. After several times of being transferred to various people, in various departments and endless hours on hold, and after reopening the claim several times, they changed it to a billing dispute. It has been over 30 days and I received no information on this. Once again, I called the company where the goods were purchased. They informed me that the claim would be going in there favor as they shipped goods to my address. The fact that I didn't receive them, did not matter. After many dealings with BoA they told me that I should be investigating this further and that I should be filing reports for the fraud to be investigated.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "60123",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-07-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card was charged for something you did not purchase with the card",
  "text": "On XX/XX/24 my Bank of America credit card was charged {$930.00} at online retailer Back XXXX. I did not place charge. When I noticed it, I called BoA to report a fraud charge. They opened an investigation. They learned that the purchaser had my name, address, billing and shipping address, CCV number. BoA closed my claim saying that it had been delivered to me. In the documents they sent to me, there is a copy of the FedEx shipping information. It says that in the shipping process the item was rerouted to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX. That is not, nor has it ever been as address associated with me or anyone I know. On XX/XX/24 I recieved a letter from XXXX XXXX XXXX saying that my information ( name, address, credit information ) had been compromised. I called BoA again to reopen my claim with this new information. It was rapidly closed, even before I could submit the information. Again, I called to reopen it. After several times of being transferred to various people, in various departments and endless hours on hold, and after reopening the claim several times, they changed it to a billing dispute. It has been over 30 days and I received no information on this. Once again, I called the company where the goods were purchased. They informed me that the claim would be going in there favor as they shipped goods to my address. The fact that I didn't receive them, did not matter. After many dealings with BoA they told me that I should be investigating this further and that I should be filing reports for the fraud to be investigated."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / 24 my bank of america credit card was charged { $ 930. 00 } at online retailer back xxxx. i did not place charge. when i noticed it, i called boa to report a fraud charge. they opened an investigation. they learned that the purchaser had my name, address, billing and shipping address, ccv number. boa closed my claim saying that it had been delivered to me. in the documents they sent to me, there is a copy of the fedex shipping information. it says that in the shipping process the item was rerouted to xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx. that is not, nor has it ever been as address associated with me or anyone i know. on xx / xx / 24 i recieved a letter from xxxx xxxx xxxx saying that my information ( name, address, credit information ) had been compromised. i called boa again to reopen my claim with this new information. it was rapidly closed, even before i could submit the information. again, i called to reopen it. after several times of being transferred to various people, in various departments and endless hours on hold, and after reopening the claim several times, they changed it to a billing dispute. it has been over 30 days and i received no information on this. once again, i called the company where the goods were purchased. they informed me that the claim would be going in there favor as they shipped goods to my address. the fact that i didn't receive them, did not matter. after many dealings with boa they told me that i should be investigating this further and that i should be filing reports for the fraud to be investigated.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994599223136902
}
