Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9442149,
  "complaint_id": "9442149",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "XX/XX/XXXX - An online purchase was made on the Best Buy website for two open-box items. The next day I received two emails stating the products ' unavailability and subsequent cancellation of my order. Typically, a charge for a cancelled order is removed from the customer 's account. However, this one never was. I brought it to Citi bank 's attention and they instructed me to file a dispute after the charge fully posted. \nXXXX XXXX I filed a dispute per the instructions I received, expecting a swift resolution since the product was never shipped or made available for pickup. \nXXXX XXXX The dispute was declined. Within the evidence packet there was a surveillance photo of the product somewhere in the store with an attached note stating, \" Store associate forgot to scan out product ''. I fail to understand how this is sufficient evidence as I was never notified that the product was ready for pickup, so there would not have been any logic for me to be physically at the store. Additionally, there was no evidence of me being in a store that is XXXX minutes away from my home address. \nXXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX : Citi has instructed me to handle the resolution with the merchant themselves, Best Buy. I have made dozens of calls to the Best Buy support line where they have acknowledged a refund was supposedly submitted to my card on file in XX/XX/XXXX. There is no evidence of this refund within my card statements and Best Buy has steadfastly refused to provide any more context on this refund or attempted to reconciliate what happened to those funds. \nXX/XX/XXXX- I submitted more evidence of the dispute to both Best Buy and CitiBank and it has yet to be acknowledged. I finally was able to get in contact with a dispute XXXX at Best Buy, however he refuses to take any action regarding my case and has actively discouraged me filing cases with the BBB and CFPB. I feel like I have exhausted all of my options as a consumer so I am hoping that this complaint will lead to a fair resolution so that I can move forward with becoming a first-time father this fall.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "78260",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-07T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "TX",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "XX/XX/XXXX - An online purchase was made on the Best Buy website for two open-box items. The next day I received two emails stating the products ' unavailability and subsequent cancellation of my order. Typically, a charge for a cancelled order is removed from the customer 's account. However, this one never was. I brought it to Citi bank 's attention and they instructed me to file a dispute after the charge fully posted. \nXXXX XXXX I filed a dispute per the instructions I received, expecting a swift resolution since the product was never shipped or made available for pickup. \nXXXX XXXX The dispute was declined. Within the evidence packet there was a surveillance photo of the product somewhere in the store with an attached note stating, \" Store associate forgot to scan out product ''. I fail to understand how this is sufficient evidence as I was never notified that the product was ready for pickup, so there would not have been any logic for me to be physically at the store. Additionally, there was no evidence of me being in a store that is XXXX minutes away from my home address. \nXXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX : Citi has instructed me to handle the resolution with the merchant themselves, Best Buy. I have made dozens of calls to the Best Buy support line where they have acknowledged a refund was supposedly submitted to my card on file in XX/XX/XXXX. There is no evidence of this refund within my card statements and Best Buy has steadfastly refused to provide any more context on this refund or attempted to reconciliate what happened to those funds. \nXX/XX/XXXX- I submitted more evidence of the dispute to both Best Buy and CitiBank and it has yet to be acknowledged. I finally was able to get in contact with a dispute XXXX at Best Buy, however he refuses to take any action regarding my case and has actively discouraged me filing cases with the BBB and CFPB. I feel like I have exhausted all of my options as a consumer so I am hoping that this complaint will lead to a fair resolution so that I can move forward with becoming a first-time father this fall."
}

Chunk:
xx / xx / xxxx - an online purchase was made on the best buy website for two open - box items. the next day i received two emails stating the products'unavailability and subsequent cancellation of my order. typically, a charge for a cancelled order is removed from the customer's account. however, this one never was. i brought it to citi bank's attention and they instructed me to file a dispute after the charge fully posted. xxxx xxxx i filed a dispute per the instructions i received, expecting a swift resolution since the product was never shipped or made available for pickup. xxxx xxxx the dispute was declined. within the evidence packet there was a surveillance photo of the product somewhere in the store with an attached note stating, " store associate forgot to scan out product''. i fail to understand how this is sufficient evidence as i was never notified that the product was ready for pickup, so there would not have been any logic for me to be physically at the store. additionally, there was no evidence of me being in a store that is xxxx minutes away from my home address. xxxx xxxx xx / xx / xxxx : citi has instructed me to handle the resolution with the merchant themselves, best buy. i have made dozens of calls to the best buy support line where they have acknowledged a refund was supposedly submitted to my card on file in xx / xx / xxxx. there is no evidence of this refund within my card statements and best buy has steadfastly refused to provide any more context on this refund or attempted to reconciliate what happened to those funds. xx / xx / xxxx - i submitted more evidence of the dispute to both best buy and citibank and it has yet to be acknowledged. i finally was able to get in contact with a dispute xxxx at best buy, however he refuses to take any action regarding my case and has actively discouraged me filing cases with the bbb and cfpb. i feel like i have exhausted all of my options as a consumer so i am hoping that this complaint will lead to a fair resolution so that i can move forward with becoming a first - time father this fall.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996522665023804
}
