Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9274419,
  "complaint_id": "9274419",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "This company is divulging my personal information on my alleged credit reports to the public, unwarranted without producing a valid contract to do so. This derogatory information has caused me pain, suffering and hardships. They refuse to investigate into the matter. Ive already sent this company a notice, opportunity to cure, and notice of default. By law, the FCRA 15 USC when the process of dispute has begun, companies can no longer continue with collection attempts. This company is required to verify. They have no forensic audit of all the accounting. The public accounting doesnt match with the private accounting. They have illegally acquired my information using identity theft. Theyve claimed an exemption for tax purposes, so theyre engaged in tax fraud. We have no contract. They have engaged in mail fraud.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Improper use of your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "483XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "J J Marshall & Associates, Inc",
  "date_received": "2024-06-16T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company believes it acted appropriately as authorized by contract or law",
  "sub_issue": "Reporting company used your report improperly",
  "text": "This company is divulging my personal information on my alleged credit reports to the public, unwarranted without producing a valid contract to do so. This derogatory information has caused me pain, suffering and hardships. They refuse to investigate into the matter. Ive already sent this company a notice, opportunity to cure, and notice of default. By law, the FCRA 15 USC when the process of dispute has begun, companies can no longer continue with collection attempts. This company is required to verify. They have no forensic audit of all the accounting. The public accounting doesnt match with the private accounting. They have illegally acquired my information using identity theft. Theyve claimed an exemption for tax purposes, so theyre engaged in tax fraud. We have no contract. They have engaged in mail fraud."
}

Chunk:
this company is divulging my personal information on my alleged credit reports to the public, unwarranted without producing a valid contract to do so. this derogatory information has caused me pain, suffering and hardships. they refuse to investigate into the matter. ive already sent this company a notice, opportunity to cure, and notice of default. by law, the fcra 15 usc when the process of dispute has begun, companies can no longer continue with collection attempts. this company is required to verify. they have no forensic audit of all the accounting. the public accounting doesnt match with the private accounting. they have illegally acquired my information using identity theft. theyve claimed an exemption for tax purposes, so theyre engaged in tax fraud. we have no contract. they have engaged in mail fraud.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9995997548103333
}
