Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9355807,
  "complaint_id": "9355807",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "This is a basic complaint it does not require dates and amounts Bank of America has taken away the ability to set custom amounts to be paid on the auto pay feature. By doing this and limiting your options to just paying the minimum due or the entire statement balance and as a result are trying to keep people in debt. I feel that a vast majority of consumers will choose the pay the minimum option ( because they have no other choice ), while thinking they will just log in and pay extra manually each month. I believe Bank of America is banking on them forgetting to do that and keep them in debt that much longer. I feel this is predatory banking and should be illegal XXXX XXXX",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem when making payments",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "546XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-27T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "WI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem during payment process",
  "text": "This is a basic complaint it does not require dates and amounts Bank of America has taken away the ability to set custom amounts to be paid on the auto pay feature. By doing this and limiting your options to just paying the minimum due or the entire statement balance and as a result are trying to keep people in debt. I feel that a vast majority of consumers will choose the pay the minimum option ( because they have no other choice ), while thinking they will just log in and pay extra manually each month. I believe Bank of America is banking on them forgetting to do that and keep them in debt that much longer. I feel this is predatory banking and should be illegal XXXX XXXX"
}

Chunk:
this is a basic complaint it does not require dates and amounts bank of america has taken away the ability to set custom amounts to be paid on the auto pay feature. by doing this and limiting your options to just paying the minimum due or the entire statement balance and as a result are trying to keep people in debt. i feel that a vast majority of consumers will choose the pay the minimum option ( because they have no other choice ), while thinking they will just log in and pay extra manually each month. i believe bank of america is banking on them forgetting to do that and keep them in debt that much longer. i feel this is predatory banking and should be illegal xxxx xxxx

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9983944296836853
}
