Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9212235,
  "complaint_id": "9212235",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "First, I have two questions.\n\nDo your call centers ever get supervised by your head office? \n\nAlso, kindly confirm me if bullying, harassing and treating customers like trash is part of your company policy. If it is, you don't have to read further. \n\nI have two credit cards- Quicksilver and Savor One, using them for few months now. \n\nFew days ago, I lost my Quicksilver card, your bank mailed a new card to my po box . Yesterday, I had to close my po box . So, today, I called your bank and spoke with a female supervisor asking her to expedite the card to my home address instead. She tells me that is not possible because it is a brand-new account and the card is coming with a welcome kit. How is this a brand-new account and why would you send me a welcome kit, considering the fact that the card was opened many months ago and has been used on a regular basis. I asked her to look into it deeper, she started giving me attitude and came strong at me. I asked her to not show me her attitude to which she claimed that apparently, I have been giving her attitude from the beginning of the call. Now here is the thing, I have a good tolerance level, having said that I know where to draw the line, and that's exactly what I appropriately did after that in that call. Of course, the call didn't go anywhere after that.\n\nI called again and spoke with a different supervisor ( female ). I told her what happened in the previous call and told her to lodge a complaint against the previous supervisor. I then asked her to expedite the Quicksilver card to my home address. She said that the welcome kit and brand-new account info given to me in the previous call was all wrong. She then confirmed that she had expedited the Quicksilver card to my home address. Little did I know, behind the scenes she was prepping to mess up my other card. \n\nThen I go to buy grocery and I see my Savor One card does not work. I then see an email which states that the Savor One card has been closed and a new Savor One card is in the process of being mailed. May I ask WHY!? I never reported my Savor One card to be lost, then WHY!? Now, I am left with no credit cards on me.\n\nJust FYI, there are lot of people in America looking for work and those people will do a very good job because they need the money badly to pay their bills, and these are the kind of people you have hired in your call centers, these people take their jobs for granted.\n\nI am not even getting in to all the dispute lodging conversations and concerns I had during the last two weeks otherwise this will get lengthier. Right now, I need my credit cards first.\n\nPlease EXPEDITE both my cards to my home address.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-09T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "91731",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-09T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "First, I have two questions.\n\nDo your call centers ever get supervised by your head office? \n\nAlso, kindly confirm me if bullying, harassing and treating customers like trash is part of your company policy. If it is, you don't have to read further. \n\nI have two credit cards- Quicksilver and Savor One, using them for few months now. \n\nFew days ago, I lost my Quicksilver card, your bank mailed a new card to my po box . Yesterday, I had to close my po box . So, today, I called your bank and spoke with a female supervisor asking her to expedite the card to my home address instead. She tells me that is not possible because it is a brand-new account and the card is coming with a welcome kit. How is this a brand-new account and why would you send me a welcome kit, considering the fact that the card was opened many months ago and has been used on a regular basis. I asked her to look into it deeper, she started giving me attitude and came strong at me. I asked her to not show me her attitude to which she claimed that apparently, I have been giving her attitude from the beginning of the call. Now here is the thing, I have a good tolerance level, having said that I know where to draw the line, and that's exactly what I appropriately did after that in that call. Of course, the call didn't go anywhere after that.\n\nI called again and spoke with a different supervisor ( female ). I told her what happened in the previous call and told her to lodge a complaint against the previous supervisor. I then asked her to expedite the Quicksilver card to my home address. She said that the welcome kit and brand-new account info given to me in the previous call was all wrong. She then confirmed that she had expedited the Quicksilver card to my home address. Little did I know, behind the scenes she was prepping to mess up my other card. \n\nThen I go to buy grocery and I see my Savor One card does not work. I then see an email which states that the Savor One card has been closed and a new Savor One card is in the process of being mailed. May I ask WHY!? I never reported my Savor One card to be lost, then WHY!? Now, I am left with no credit cards on me.\n\nJust FYI, there are lot of people in America looking for work and those people will do a very good job because they need the money badly to pay their bills, and these are the kind of people you have hired in your call centers, these people take their jobs for granted.\n\nI am not even getting in to all the dispute lodging conversations and concerns I had during the last two weeks otherwise this will get lengthier. Right now, I need my credit cards first.\n\nPlease EXPEDITE both my cards to my home address."
}

Chunk:
work and those people will do a very good job because they need the money badly to pay their bills, and these are the kind of people you have hired in your call centers, these people take their jobs for granted. i am not even getting in to all the dispute lodging conversations and concerns i had during the last two weeks otherwise this will get lengthier. right now, i need my credit cards first. please expedite both my cards to my home address.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9958336353302002
}
