Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9568194,
  "complaint_id": "9568194",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I logged on to my banking online at Citibank 's website. I discovered my credit card has been closed. This will cause financial harm by lowering my credit score due to no fault of my own. I did nothing wrong. I never had a 30-day late payment with Citibank, I never added authorized users, this is not a joint account, I never lost my credit card, I never had my credit card stolen, l never did a cash advance, I never used my credit card outside of my state, I never used my credit card for any illegal reason ( e.g., online gambling, ) and I pay my credit card every month since I had this account. I perform exceptionally. \nThis is an unfair and abusive practice. In addition, I called the bank and the agent said they can not tell me why my credit card was closed. Now my credit score has significantly decreased due to no fault of my own. I have also previously submitted valid complaints against Citibank with the XXXX  and CFPB, and feel my account closure is retaliation. I seek to hold Citihank accountable.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "907XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Company closed your account",
  "text": "I logged on to my banking online at Citibank 's website. I discovered my credit card has been closed. This will cause financial harm by lowering my credit score due to no fault of my own. I did nothing wrong. I never had a 30-day late payment with Citibank, I never added authorized users, this is not a joint account, I never lost my credit card, I never had my credit card stolen, l never did a cash advance, I never used my credit card outside of my state, I never used my credit card for any illegal reason ( e.g., online gambling, ) and I pay my credit card every month since I had this account. I perform exceptionally. \nThis is an unfair and abusive practice. In addition, I called the bank and the agent said they can not tell me why my credit card was closed. Now my credit score has significantly decreased due to no fault of my own. I have also previously submitted valid complaints against Citibank with the XXXX  and CFPB, and feel my account closure is retaliation. I seek to hold Citihank accountable."
}

Chunk:
i logged on to my banking online at citibank's website. i discovered my credit card has been closed. this will cause financial harm by lowering my credit score due to no fault of my own. i did nothing wrong. i never had a 30 - day late payment with citibank, i never added authorized users, this is not a joint account, i never lost my credit card, i never had my credit card stolen, l never did a cash advance, i never used my credit card outside of my state, i never used my credit card for any illegal reason ( e. g., online gambling, ) and i pay my credit card every month since i had this account. i perform exceptionally. this is an unfair and abusive practice. in addition, i called the bank and the agent said they can not tell me why my credit card was closed. now my credit score has significantly decreased due to no fault of my own. i have also previously submitted valid complaints against citibank with the xxxx and cfpb, and feel my account closure is retaliation. i seek to hold citihank accountable.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9947754144668579
}
