Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9271126,
  "complaint_id": "9271126",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I opened a credit card at M & T Bank due to a promotional offer they sent me. However, the bank is now refusing to let me enroll online and check my credit card balance independently. They are insisting that I visit a branch and create an online account there because I don't have any checking account with them. The bank did not mention this requirement in the credit card offer letter, otherwise I would not have opened the account. This is not just inconvenient, but also unacceptable in this 21st century when everything is almost online also the bank is about 9 miles away from my home. Traveling back and forth to the bank is just a waste of my valuable time.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "19468",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "M&T BANK CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "I opened a credit card at M & T Bank due to a promotional offer they sent me. However, the bank is now refusing to let me enroll online and check my credit card balance independently. They are insisting that I visit a branch and create an online account there because I don't have any checking account with them. The bank did not mention this requirement in the credit card offer letter, otherwise I would not have opened the account. This is not just inconvenient, but also unacceptable in this 21st century when everything is almost online also the bank is about 9 miles away from my home. Traveling back and forth to the bank is just a waste of my valuable time."
}

Chunk:
i opened a credit card at m & t bank due to a promotional offer they sent me. however, the bank is now refusing to let me enroll online and check my credit card balance independently. they are insisting that i visit a branch and create an online account there because i don't have any checking account with them. the bank did not mention this requirement in the credit card offer letter, otherwise i would not have opened the account. this is not just inconvenient, but also unacceptable in this 21st century when everything is almost online also the bank is about 9 miles away from my home. traveling back and forth to the bank is just a waste of my valuable time.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9997463822364807
}
