Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9156811,
  "complaint_id": "9156811",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XX/XX/year>, I called Verizon Wireless Credit card company, Synchrony, about why my credit limit was decreased. I shared with the representative my payment history of not missing any payments and paying my credit card balances off, ( sometimes over time, but always paying the entire balance ). He explained the algorithm system that credit bureaus use, which led to the decrease of my credit limit. He also informed me that because it is a system, that the system does not use any human variables. He suggested that I file a complaint and request for a human to look over my application and determine if I qualify for my credit limit to increase back to its original amount of {$12000.00}. \n\nI spoke with a personal associate before I called Synchrony who has the same credit card that I have and he suggested that I do what the representative had stated. My associate had told me that he experienced the exact same thing and was allowed to return to his original credit limit after a human representative looked over his account and application. \n\nI expressed to the Synchrony representative that I wanted to pursue this opportunity and I would like to request for a human to look over my account and application. A Credit Bureau Specialist by the name XXXX XXXX did not take the time to look at my application and denied me within the hour of my request. He chose not to consider me for the opportunity, but instead denied me because he saw on my application that I was a XXXX woman. My personal associate, who is a white male received a letter from XXXX XXXX reinstating his original credit limit and apologizing for lowering his credit limit and explained to him how the algorithm does not consider human factors. XXXX XXXX also expressed to my associate his deepest regrets for any problems that may have occurred concerning the matter. But XXXX XXXX denied me the exact same opportunity and he would not look at my application any further. \n\nMy credit limit was decreased to {$9000.00} because the algorithm suggested that I would not be able to pay off my bill. I have paid off my Synchrony credit card. I was discriminated against by XXXX XXXX and Synchrony.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "92663",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-01T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "On XX/XX/year>, I called Verizon Wireless Credit card company, Synchrony, about why my credit limit was decreased. I shared with the representative my payment history of not missing any payments and paying my credit card balances off, ( sometimes over time, but always paying the entire balance ). He explained the algorithm system that credit bureaus use, which led to the decrease of my credit limit. He also informed me that because it is a system, that the system does not use any human variables. He suggested that I file a complaint and request for a human to look over my application and determine if I qualify for my credit limit to increase back to its original amount of {$12000.00}. \n\nI spoke with a personal associate before I called Synchrony who has the same credit card that I have and he suggested that I do what the representative had stated. My associate had told me that he experienced the exact same thing and was allowed to return to his original credit limit after a human representative looked over his account and application. \n\nI expressed to the Synchrony representative that I wanted to pursue this opportunity and I would like to request for a human to look over my account and application. A Credit Bureau Specialist by the name XXXX XXXX did not take the time to look at my application and denied me within the hour of my request. He chose not to consider me for the opportunity, but instead denied me because he saw on my application that I was a XXXX woman. My personal associate, who is a white male received a letter from XXXX XXXX reinstating his original credit limit and apologizing for lowering his credit limit and explained to him how the algorithm does not consider human factors. XXXX XXXX also expressed to my associate his deepest regrets for any problems that may have occurred concerning the matter. But XXXX XXXX denied me the exact same opportunity and he would not look at my application any further. \n\nMy credit limit was decreased to {$9000.00} because the algorithm suggested that I would not be able to pay off my bill. I have paid off my Synchrony credit card. I was discriminated against by XXXX XXXX and Synchrony."
}

Chunk:
on xx / xx / year >, i called verizon wireless credit card company, synchrony, about why my credit limit was decreased. i shared with the representative my payment history of not missing any payments and paying my credit card balances off, ( sometimes over time, but always paying the entire balance ). he explained the algorithm system that credit bureaus use, which led to the decrease of my credit limit. he also informed me that because it is a system, that the system does not use any human variables. he suggested that i file a complaint and request for a human to look over my application and determine if i qualify for my credit limit to increase back to its original amount of { $ 12000. 00 }. i spoke with a personal associate before i called synchrony who has the same credit card that i have and he suggested that i do what the representative had stated. my associate had told me that he experienced the exact same thing and was allowed to return to his original credit limit after a human representative looked over his account and application. i expressed to the synchrony representative that i wanted to pursue this opportunity and i would like to request for a human to look over my account and application. a credit bureau specialist by the name xxxx xxxx did not take the time to look at my application and denied me within the hour of my request. he chose not to consider me for the opportunity, but instead denied me because he saw on my application that i was a xxxx woman. my personal associate, who is a white male received a letter from xxxx xxxx reinstating his original credit limit and apologizing for lowering his credit limit and explained to him how the algorithm does not consider human factors. xxxx xxxx also expressed to my associate his deepest regrets for any problems that may have occurred concerning the matter. but xxxx xxxx denied me the exact same opportunity and he would not look at my application any further. my credit limit was decreased to { $ 9000. 00 } because the algorithm suggested that i would not be able to pay off my bill. i have paid off my synchrony credit card. i was discriminated against by xxxx xxxx and synchrony.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.99779212474823
}
