Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9144724,
  "complaint_id": "9144724",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I recently looked at my credit report and there seemed to have been some changes on a Capital One charge off account from XXXX. I have disputed this account in XXXX because of reports that is still showing charged off in XX/XX/XXXX when I paid the account in XX/XX/XXXX which is an error. I also took measures to email the CEO, XXXX XXXX on XXXX, and XX/XX/XXXX at an attempt to resolve this matter and was met with no response for all three attempts. As of XX/XX/XXXX XXXX showed me the account that was negatively impacting my score and suggested I reached out to the lender, which is Capital One. I called the Capital One customer service line XX/XX/XXXX. I spoke to an account representative to try and resolve the issue and to see what information specifically was being reported. I wanted to file a dispute about the information reporting to my credit and the representative made me aware that my dispute that I had submitted from a year ago, XX/XX/XXXX had was showing still in progress so they did not let me move forward submitting a current one. I asked to be transferred to their supervisor in hopes of getting answers why a disputed I submitted a year ago was still being investigated. The supervisor could not provide me with any helpful information and suggested that I reach back out to them on the dispute I submitted a year ago, I was not reassured that I was going to get any help with a contact back or when I should expect for the issue to be resolved. I feel like because this issue was not resolved properly with Capital One a year ago and is the reason why my credit report is being adversely affected. The dispute has been in the system for well over 30 days and I am feared that my personal information is at risk due to the lack of security and urgency for my issue.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "15235",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "In progress",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-31T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Investigation took more than 30 days",
  "text": "I recently looked at my credit report and there seemed to have been some changes on a Capital One charge off account from XXXX. I have disputed this account in XXXX because of reports that is still showing charged off in XX/XX/XXXX when I paid the account in XX/XX/XXXX which is an error. I also took measures to email the CEO, XXXX XXXX on XXXX, and XX/XX/XXXX at an attempt to resolve this matter and was met with no response for all three attempts. As of XX/XX/XXXX XXXX showed me the account that was negatively impacting my score and suggested I reached out to the lender, which is Capital One. I called the Capital One customer service line XX/XX/XXXX. I spoke to an account representative to try and resolve the issue and to see what information specifically was being reported. I wanted to file a dispute about the information reporting to my credit and the representative made me aware that my dispute that I had submitted from a year ago, XX/XX/XXXX had was showing still in progress so they did not let me move forward submitting a current one. I asked to be transferred to their supervisor in hopes of getting answers why a disputed I submitted a year ago was still being investigated. The supervisor could not provide me with any helpful information and suggested that I reach back out to them on the dispute I submitted a year ago, I was not reassured that I was going to get any help with a contact back or when I should expect for the issue to be resolved. I feel like because this issue was not resolved properly with Capital One a year ago and is the reason why my credit report is being adversely affected. The dispute has been in the system for well over 30 days and I am feared that my personal information is at risk due to the lack of security and urgency for my issue."
}

Chunk:
i recently looked at my credit report and there seemed to have been some changes on a capital one charge off account from xxxx. i have disputed this account in xxxx because of reports that is still showing charged off in xx / xx / xxxx when i paid the account in xx / xx / xxxx which is an error. i also took measures to email the ceo, xxxx xxxx on xxxx, and xx / xx / xxxx at an attempt to resolve this matter and was met with no response for all three attempts. as of xx / xx / xxxx xxxx showed me the account that was negatively impacting my score and suggested i reached out to the lender, which is capital one. i called the capital one customer service line xx / xx / xxxx. i spoke to an account representative to try and resolve the issue and to see what information specifically was being reported. i wanted to file a dispute about the information reporting to my credit and the representative made me aware that my dispute that i had submitted from a year ago, xx / xx / xxxx had was showing still in progress so they did not let me move forward submitting a current one. i asked to be transferred to their supervisor in hopes of getting answers why a disputed i submitted a year ago was still being investigated. the supervisor could not provide me with any helpful information and suggested that i reach back out to them on the dispute i submitted a year ago, i was not reassured that i was going to get any help with a contact back or when i should expect for the issue to be resolved. i feel like because this issue was not resolved properly with capital one a year ago and is the reason why my credit report is being adversely affected. the dispute has been in the system for well over 30 days and i am feared that my personal information is at risk due to the lack of security and urgency for my issue.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994810223579407
}
