Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9062030,
  "complaint_id": "9062030",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Due to a severe drop in income, I could not pay my Capital One Miles Card in XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX. I made partial payments from XX/XX/XXXX- XX/XX/XXXX. I started a plan to pay regular installments for an indeterminate length of time. My card is on restricted status. I started making regular payments in XX/XX/XXXX and have been timely with all payments since then. I received a letter on XX/XX/XXXX that 10 new Capital One credit cards which someone had applied for in my name were not issued. I called immediately to say a scammer had done this and not me. There was no record of anyone applying for these cards in their system. I was told to check my credit reports to see if it would be noted. I checked and saw nothing yet. I heard during my wait for an agent that Capital One had issued a new credit card to me. I called again today, XX/XX/XXXX, to tell them I had not received this card yet. The agent told me that it was indeed delivered on XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX. I told her that I received only the letter turning me down for 10 new Capital One credit cards which a scammer had generated. She has insisted that it was the new card. She finally believed that is was not received and quickly closed my old account. She issued a new number despite my protests. I knew that on restricted status a new card could not be issued. I requested just the new number for my records. She refused. I simply see 4 digits on the website. There is no way to see the entire 16 digit number. I called back 5 times and spoke to 7 agents who would not help me. I called the fraud unit at XXXX and spoke to XXXX, employee number XXXX. He kept me on the line for 35 minutes while he researched the letter of XX/XX/XXXX. He also investigated what happened to the card which was issued but never arrived. At the end of the phone call, he did not know what had happened to this missing card or what generated the request for 10 Capital One Credit Card applications. He told me that I could look up the entire new number on the website after my XX/XX/XXXX payment processes. I knew this was not true. XXXX then asked me for my entire SSN to help him check my credit report for other scam requests. This set off alarm bells. I refused and said that I could look it up myself. He then shamed me for paying over the minimum amount this month. I laughed it off but I could not believe a company representative was scamming me for my SSN. Something is truly wrong at Capital One. They have criminals answering the phone. Suppose something else goes wrong with my account? It's like XXXX XXXX meets the XXXX. I am afraid to call them for help of any kind.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "94133",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "Due to a severe drop in income, I could not pay my Capital One Miles Card in XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX. I made partial payments from XX/XX/XXXX- XX/XX/XXXX. I started a plan to pay regular installments for an indeterminate length of time. My card is on restricted status. I started making regular payments in XX/XX/XXXX and have been timely with all payments since then. I received a letter on XX/XX/XXXX that 10 new Capital One credit cards which someone had applied for in my name were not issued. I called immediately to say a scammer had done this and not me. There was no record of anyone applying for these cards in their system. I was told to check my credit reports to see if it would be noted. I checked and saw nothing yet. I heard during my wait for an agent that Capital One had issued a new credit card to me. I called again today, XX/XX/XXXX, to tell them I had not received this card yet. The agent told me that it was indeed delivered on XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX. I told her that I received only the letter turning me down for 10 new Capital One credit cards which a scammer had generated. She has insisted that it was the new card. She finally believed that is was not received and quickly closed my old account. She issued a new number despite my protests. I knew that on restricted status a new card could not be issued. I requested just the new number for my records. She refused. I simply see 4 digits on the website. There is no way to see the entire 16 digit number. I called back 5 times and spoke to 7 agents who would not help me. I called the fraud unit at XXXX and spoke to XXXX, employee number XXXX. He kept me on the line for 35 minutes while he researched the letter of XX/XX/XXXX. He also investigated what happened to the card which was issued but never arrived. At the end of the phone call, he did not know what had happened to this missing card or what generated the request for 10 Capital One Credit Card applications. He told me that I could look up the entire new number on the website after my XX/XX/XXXX payment processes. I knew this was not true. XXXX then asked me for my entire SSN to help him check my credit report for other scam requests. This set off alarm bells. I refused and said that I could look it up myself. He then shamed me for paying over the minimum amount this month. I laughed it off but I could not believe a company representative was scamming me for my SSN. Something is truly wrong at Capital One. They have criminals answering the phone. Suppose something else goes wrong with my account? It's like XXXX XXXX meets the XXXX. I am afraid to call them for help of any kind."
}

Chunk:
off alarm bells. i refused and said that i could look it up myself. he then shamed me for paying over the minimum amount this month. i laughed it off but i could not believe a company representative was scamming me for my ssn. something is truly wrong at capital one. they have criminals answering the phone. suppose something else goes wrong with my account? it's like xxxx xxxx meets the xxxx. i am afraid to call them for help of any kind.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9990237951278687
}
