Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9098580,
  "complaint_id": "9098580",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I observed that there were excessive amounts of interest being applied to the account and charged to the amount of XXXX percent after a recent security breach at XXXX charged almost XXXX to another card. In the past 18 months alone, capital one has charged over {$2500.00} cents of interest and 2 late fee penalties. It was requested for the bank to return the interest and they informed that they would only provide XXXX dollars of interest. It was demanded that they provide the proof of authorization for the increase in fees and dates. The bank indicated that there was a merger and this account began increasing with market adjustable rates several years prior. \n\nThe consumer informed that this excessive increase was not explicitly authorized or approved. The consumer asked for the accounting statements, the interest accounting ( compounding, monthly, daily etc. ), the agreed upon terms and conditions, and the signed contract between both parties. They refused and became rude and argumentative and then the consumer demanded the account to be closed. Capital one refused to close the account unless the consumer verbally agree to their terms and conditions that were never agreed upon in the first place. The account continues to bill interest at XXXX percent and the bank has refused to provide mailing correspondence for their legal department so that a written notice could be sent. Capital one admitted that they had been increasing the rates since a merger over 2 years prior and that the consumer never agreed to increase in interest rates. The consumer has since paid the balance plus the illustrious interest in to the amount of XXXX dollars. There is a XXXX dollars of interest this year alone that continues to accrue.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "15216",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION",
  "date_received": "2024-05-25T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "PA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Unexpected increase in interest rate",
  "text": "I observed that there were excessive amounts of interest being applied to the account and charged to the amount of XXXX percent after a recent security breach at XXXX charged almost XXXX to another card. In the past 18 months alone, capital one has charged over {$2500.00} cents of interest and 2 late fee penalties. It was requested for the bank to return the interest and they informed that they would only provide XXXX dollars of interest. It was demanded that they provide the proof of authorization for the increase in fees and dates. The bank indicated that there was a merger and this account began increasing with market adjustable rates several years prior. \n\nThe consumer informed that this excessive increase was not explicitly authorized or approved. The consumer asked for the accounting statements, the interest accounting ( compounding, monthly, daily etc. ), the agreed upon terms and conditions, and the signed contract between both parties. They refused and became rude and argumentative and then the consumer demanded the account to be closed. Capital one refused to close the account unless the consumer verbally agree to their terms and conditions that were never agreed upon in the first place. The account continues to bill interest at XXXX percent and the bank has refused to provide mailing correspondence for their legal department so that a written notice could be sent. Capital one admitted that they had been increasing the rates since a merger over 2 years prior and that the consumer never agreed to increase in interest rates. The consumer has since paid the balance plus the illustrious interest in to the amount of XXXX dollars. There is a XXXX dollars of interest this year alone that continues to accrue."
}

Chunk:
i observed that there were excessive amounts of interest being applied to the account and charged to the amount of xxxx percent after a recent security breach at xxxx charged almost xxxx to another card. in the past 18 months alone, capital one has charged over { $ 2500. 00 } cents of interest and 2 late fee penalties. it was requested for the bank to return the interest and they informed that they would only provide xxxx dollars of interest. it was demanded that they provide the proof of authorization for the increase in fees and dates. the bank indicated that there was a merger and this account began increasing with market adjustable rates several years prior. the consumer informed that this excessive increase was not explicitly authorized or approved. the consumer asked for the accounting statements, the interest accounting ( compounding, monthly, daily etc. ), the agreed upon terms and conditions, and the signed contract between both parties. they refused and became rude and argumentative and then the consumer demanded the account to be closed. capital one refused to close the account unless the consumer verbally agree to their terms and conditions that were never agreed upon in the first place. the account continues to bill interest at xxxx percent and the bank has refused to provide mailing correspondence for their legal department so that a written notice could be sent. capital one admitted that they had been increasing the rates since a merger over 2 years prior and that the consumer never agreed to increase in interest rates. the consumer has since paid the balance plus the illustrious interest in to the amount of xxxx dollars. there is a xxxx dollars of interest this year alone that continues to accrue.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.99897301197052
}
