Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9180448,
  "complaint_id": "9180448",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I paid off my bill early. Then they refunded my paying the credit card without letting me know. On the fidelity website. Then made sure I couldn't pay it off that way. I got proof I tried to call multiple times and from different numbers they provided. They then charged me with a late fee. My screenshot proves that. Plus i posted the one that proves i paid off the bill without a refund. The 3rd one proves i paid off the credit card bill in full the day i typed about this. I just saw all of this today on the fidelity website. I am unsure that my payment paying it off from the elan website area went through either ( hence the screenshot ). I took screenshots of all of this including what makes me think it went through when I created the account on their elan website. The only way I am able to think of making this stop is by making a law that forces them to create physical places mainly in the bank itself. A place for credit card incidences of any kind. That way the credit card companies must follow all laws and unable to mess with anyone 's credit. I haven't given up on trying to contact them. I am also unsure that I got the money back in my account from the first payment to them I got XXXX proof to that. I am trying my best to keep perfect credit. I doubt I am the only one having issues with the fidelity credit card. It seems like elan financial services shutdown but kept their credit cards around. That is why I am unable to contact them. That needs to be illegal. That allows them to give people bad credit with nobody to sue and fidelity gets to say not their fault elan a 3rd party place. They need to not be allowed to use them anymore until elan fixes itself and all credit cards like mine needs to be forgiven as long as this continues. I don't know what is going on with the payment I put in and that is partly what scares me. I need that XXXX XXXX  forgiven because I got proof to paying it off on time. I am fine with everybody knowing about this because contacting fidelity 's credit card company absolutely impossible. It also explains how to fix all issues including fraud instead of filling out this form and XXXX willing it goes somewhere and fixes stuff.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "22314",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "U.S. BANCORP",
  "date_received": "2024-06-05T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "VA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I paid off my bill early. Then they refunded my paying the credit card without letting me know. On the fidelity website. Then made sure I couldn't pay it off that way. I got proof I tried to call multiple times and from different numbers they provided. They then charged me with a late fee. My screenshot proves that. Plus i posted the one that proves i paid off the bill without a refund. The 3rd one proves i paid off the credit card bill in full the day i typed about this. I just saw all of this today on the fidelity website. I am unsure that my payment paying it off from the elan website area went through either ( hence the screenshot ). I took screenshots of all of this including what makes me think it went through when I created the account on their elan website. The only way I am able to think of making this stop is by making a law that forces them to create physical places mainly in the bank itself. A place for credit card incidences of any kind. That way the credit card companies must follow all laws and unable to mess with anyone 's credit. I haven't given up on trying to contact them. I am also unsure that I got the money back in my account from the first payment to them I got XXXX proof to that. I am trying my best to keep perfect credit. I doubt I am the only one having issues with the fidelity credit card. It seems like elan financial services shutdown but kept their credit cards around. That is why I am unable to contact them. That needs to be illegal. That allows them to give people bad credit with nobody to sue and fidelity gets to say not their fault elan a 3rd party place. They need to not be allowed to use them anymore until elan fixes itself and all credit cards like mine needs to be forgiven as long as this continues. I don't know what is going on with the payment I put in and that is partly what scares me. I need that XXXX XXXX  forgiven because I got proof to paying it off on time. I am fine with everybody knowing about this because contacting fidelity 's credit card company absolutely impossible. It also explains how to fix all issues including fraud instead of filling out this form and XXXX willing it goes somewhere and fixes stuff."
}

Chunk:
i paid off my bill early. then they refunded my paying the credit card without letting me know. on the fidelity website. then made sure i couldn't pay it off that way. i got proof i tried to call multiple times and from different numbers they provided. they then charged me with a late fee. my screenshot proves that. plus i posted the one that proves i paid off the bill without a refund. the 3rd one proves i paid off the credit card bill in full the day i typed about this. i just saw all of this today on the fidelity website. i am unsure that my payment paying it off from the elan website area went through either ( hence the screenshot ). i took screenshots of all of this including what makes me think it went through when i created the account on their elan website. the only way i am able to think of making this stop is by making a law that forces them to create physical places mainly in the bank itself. a place for credit card incidences of any kind. that way the credit card companies must follow all laws and unable to mess with anyone's credit. i haven't given up on trying to contact them. i am also unsure that i got the money back in my account from the first payment to them i got xxxx proof to that. i am trying my best to keep perfect credit. i doubt i am the only one having issues with the fidelity credit card. it seems like elan financial services shutdown but kept their credit cards around. that is why i am unable to contact them. that needs to be illegal. that allows them to give people bad credit with nobody to sue and fidelity gets to say not their fault elan a 3rd party place. they need to not be allowed to use them anymore until elan fixes itself and all credit cards like mine needs to be forgiven as long as this continues. i don't know what is going on with the payment i put in and that is partly what scares me. i need that xxxx xxxx forgiven because i got proof to paying it off on time. i am fine with everybody knowing about this because contacting fidelity's credit card company absolutely impossible. it also explains how to fix all issues including fraud instead of filling out this form and xxxx willing it goes somewhere and fixes stuff.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9962829947471619
}
