Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9172536,
  "complaint_id": "9172536",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I received a letter from Synchrony Bank indicating that they are now charging XXXX per statement to receive a paper statement in the mail. This notice also stated that their interest rate was being increased to XXXX % on new purchases. I cant believe that a bank charging XXXX % interest has to charge XXXX for a paper statement. This is blatant gouging of consumers. I definitely wont be making any new purchases, but need a paper statement to clearly access my account and verify previous charges, bank fees etc. Forcing consumers to use online statements or pay a fee is not what I signed up for when opening this account and feel that this practice is unfair and helps banks/credit card companies slip things by consumers as online statements are sometimes missed or cant be accessed. Please do something to stop this unfair practice.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "483XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-04T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MI",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with fees",
  "text": "I received a letter from Synchrony Bank indicating that they are now charging XXXX per statement to receive a paper statement in the mail. This notice also stated that their interest rate was being increased to XXXX % on new purchases. I cant believe that a bank charging XXXX % interest has to charge XXXX for a paper statement. This is blatant gouging of consumers. I definitely wont be making any new purchases, but need a paper statement to clearly access my account and verify previous charges, bank fees etc. Forcing consumers to use online statements or pay a fee is not what I signed up for when opening this account and feel that this practice is unfair and helps banks/credit card companies slip things by consumers as online statements are sometimes missed or cant be accessed. Please do something to stop this unfair practice."
}

Chunk:
i received a letter from synchrony bank indicating that they are now charging xxxx per statement to receive a paper statement in the mail. this notice also stated that their interest rate was being increased to xxxx % on new purchases. i cant believe that a bank charging xxxx % interest has to charge xxxx for a paper statement. this is blatant gouging of consumers. i definitely wont be making any new purchases, but need a paper statement to clearly access my account and verify previous charges, bank fees etc. forcing consumers to use online statements or pay a fee is not what i signed up for when opening this account and feel that this practice is unfair and helps banks / credit card companies slip things by consumers as online statements are sometimes missed or cant be accessed. please do something to stop this unfair practice.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9994989633560181
}
