Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9084882,
  "complaint_id": "9084882",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Dear CFPB, I am writing to formally lodge a complaint against Chase Bank regarding unauthorized charges on my credit card, which have accumulated from XXXX to XXXX. Despite my efforts to resolve this issue directly with Chase, I have been met with an unsatisfactory response that has left me with a substantial and unjust financial burden. Here are the details of my case : In XXXX, I discovered that my wallet had been stolen, which included my Chase credit card. I immediately contacted Chase Customer Service over the phone and spoke with a representative to report the theft and the fraudulent charges that appeared on my account. During this call, I was assured by the representative that the unauthorized charges would be removed from my account, and I would not be held liable for them. This conversation provided me with a sense of relief amidst the distress caused by the theft. \n\nUnfortunately, shortly after reporting the theft, I fell seriously ill, which required me to focus entirely on my health and recovery. Due to my illness, I was unable to closely monitor my financial statements and follow up on the status of my complaint with Chase. I trusted that Chase had taken the necessary actions to dispute and remove the fraudulent charges as promised. \n\nTo my shock and dismay, I recently received a statement in the mail indicating that none of the disputed charges had been removed from my account. Instead, I was informed that I was responsible for the entire balance, which included numerous unauthorized transactions. This situation has been exacerbated by the interest that has accumulated on these fraudulent charges over the past year. \n\nUpon contacting Chase again to address this issue, I was told that there was no record of my initial call in XXXX reporting the theft and disputing the charges. The representatives informed me that because a year had passed, there was nothing they could do to assist me in removing these unauthorized charges. This response is both unacceptable and deeply troubling, as I had taken prompt action to report the theft and expected Chase to uphold their commitment to protecting their customers from fraud. \n\nI strongly believe that someone in my family may have stolen my credit card and used it while I was incapacitated by illness. However, no one has confessed to this act, and I am left with the financial repercussions of their actions. Chase 's refusal to address and rectify this situation has left me in a dire financial situation that I can not afford to resolve on my own. \n\nThe charges from XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX on my credit card are not mine, as well as a reoccurring fund loan of XXXX, and I am urgently requesting that the CFPB intervene to ensure that Chase removes all unauthorized charges from my account. I have been a victim of theft and fraud, someone also tried to take out a loan, and it is unjust for me to be held accountable for charges that I did not authorize or benefit from. \n\nThe interest on these charges continues to accrue, further compounding my financial distress. I implore the CFPB to assist me in holding Chase accountable for their failure to act on my initial complaint and to provide the necessary relief by removing the fraudulent charges from my account. \n\nThank you for your time and attention to this critical matter. I look forward to your prompt response and assistance in resolving this issue.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "11203",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Dear CFPB, I am writing to formally lodge a complaint against Chase Bank regarding unauthorized charges on my credit card, which have accumulated from XXXX to XXXX. Despite my efforts to resolve this issue directly with Chase, I have been met with an unsatisfactory response that has left me with a substantial and unjust financial burden. Here are the details of my case : In XXXX, I discovered that my wallet had been stolen, which included my Chase credit card. I immediately contacted Chase Customer Service over the phone and spoke with a representative to report the theft and the fraudulent charges that appeared on my account. During this call, I was assured by the representative that the unauthorized charges would be removed from my account, and I would not be held liable for them. This conversation provided me with a sense of relief amidst the distress caused by the theft. \n\nUnfortunately, shortly after reporting the theft, I fell seriously ill, which required me to focus entirely on my health and recovery. Due to my illness, I was unable to closely monitor my financial statements and follow up on the status of my complaint with Chase. I trusted that Chase had taken the necessary actions to dispute and remove the fraudulent charges as promised. \n\nTo my shock and dismay, I recently received a statement in the mail indicating that none of the disputed charges had been removed from my account. Instead, I was informed that I was responsible for the entire balance, which included numerous unauthorized transactions. This situation has been exacerbated by the interest that has accumulated on these fraudulent charges over the past year. \n\nUpon contacting Chase again to address this issue, I was told that there was no record of my initial call in XXXX reporting the theft and disputing the charges. The representatives informed me that because a year had passed, there was nothing they could do to assist me in removing these unauthorized charges. This response is both unacceptable and deeply troubling, as I had taken prompt action to report the theft and expected Chase to uphold their commitment to protecting their customers from fraud. \n\nI strongly believe that someone in my family may have stolen my credit card and used it while I was incapacitated by illness. However, no one has confessed to this act, and I am left with the financial repercussions of their actions. Chase 's refusal to address and rectify this situation has left me in a dire financial situation that I can not afford to resolve on my own. \n\nThe charges from XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX on my credit card are not mine, as well as a reoccurring fund loan of XXXX, and I am urgently requesting that the CFPB intervene to ensure that Chase removes all unauthorized charges from my account. I have been a victim of theft and fraud, someone also tried to take out a loan, and it is unjust for me to be held accountable for charges that I did not authorize or benefit from. \n\nThe interest on these charges continues to accrue, further compounding my financial distress. I implore the CFPB to assist me in holding Chase accountable for their failure to act on my initial complaint and to provide the necessary relief by removing the fraudulent charges from my account. \n\nThank you for your time and attention to this critical matter. I look forward to your prompt response and assistance in resolving this issue."
}

Chunk:
, as well as a reoccurring fund loan of xxxx, and i am urgently requesting that the cfpb intervene to ensure that chase removes all unauthorized charges from my account. i have been a victim of theft and fraud, someone also tried to take out a loan, and it is unjust for me to be held accountable for charges that i did not authorize or benefit from. the interest on these charges continues to accrue, further compounding my financial distress. i implore the cfpb to assist me in holding chase accountable for their failure to act on my initial complaint and to provide the necessary relief by removing the fraudulent charges from my account. thank you for your time and attention to this critical matter. i look forward to your prompt response and assistance in resolving this issue.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9287843108177185
}
