Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9579929,
  "complaint_id": "9579929",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am a victim of identity theft. My personal information was used without my consent and or knowledge. I went and obtained a police report like the rep instructed me to do. I also filed a report with the federal trade commission, as instructed. I sent all the information into all three major credit bureaus. They removed some of the accounts off, over time others started to show. When I disputed the new fraudulent accounts they responded with the accounts were verified. I asked by who and how to no avail. Also accounts that had been removed for several months were reinserted with no warning. I am not sure as to why this is happening, however we as consumers have to be protected. something needs to happen this has gotten out of control. Please assist me in my endeavor to restore my reputable credit. Thanks in advance for your assistance in this matter. \n\nAccounts : Wells Fargo XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  I am not sure what that is.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Incorrect information on your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "303XX",
  "tags": "Servicemember",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-07-22T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "GA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Information belongs to someone else",
  "text": "I am a victim of identity theft. My personal information was used without my consent and or knowledge. I went and obtained a police report like the rep instructed me to do. I also filed a report with the federal trade commission, as instructed. I sent all the information into all three major credit bureaus. They removed some of the accounts off, over time others started to show. When I disputed the new fraudulent accounts they responded with the accounts were verified. I asked by who and how to no avail. Also accounts that had been removed for several months were reinserted with no warning. I am not sure as to why this is happening, however we as consumers have to be protected. something needs to happen this has gotten out of control. Please assist me in my endeavor to restore my reputable credit. Thanks in advance for your assistance in this matter. \n\nAccounts : Wells Fargo XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  I am not sure what that is."
}

Chunk:
i am a victim of identity theft. my personal information was used without my consent and or knowledge. i went and obtained a police report like the rep instructed me to do. i also filed a report with the federal trade commission, as instructed. i sent all the information into all three major credit bureaus. they removed some of the accounts off, over time others started to show. when i disputed the new fraudulent accounts they responded with the accounts were verified. i asked by who and how to no avail. also accounts that had been removed for several months were reinserted with no warning. i am not sure as to why this is happening, however we as consumers have to be protected. something needs to happen this has gotten out of control. please assist me in my endeavor to restore my reputable credit. thanks in advance for your assistance in this matter. accounts : wells fargo xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx i am not sure what that is.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9969391822814941
}
