Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9619558,
  "complaint_id": "9619558",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "There was a FRAUDULENT Jet Blue credid card opened in my name. There were multiple charges for trips some of which were cancelled right aware and there were obvious fraud charges on there. I immediately called JET BLUE Credit Card and reported the fraud and closed out the account. I had only received emails stating that I was approved and had booked several trips through the credit card. I am usure what happened with those trips but I Obviously did not take any jet blue trips. I had recieved no further information until I received a letter today XXXX, stating that BARCLAYS did an investigation and determined that my transaction was NOT FRAUD and re instated the balance to a closed account. I then called the number on the bottom of the letter to dispute this but the ketp asking for my social security number. I refused to give this to them given the active fraudulent account which was reportedly CLOSED under my name. THey then transferred me to a US Based Customer service person who also stated that he needed my social security information. I again refused because of the above and the REFUSED to pull up my account information with just my name, Address, and last 4 digits of the account information which is on the Letter they had sent to me. I explained that I will not be paying for this balance which is amoutned to about {$3000.00}. I also expressed that I do not want my credit score affected by this non payment But their Own Fraud investigator told me that is not up to him I have worked veyr hard to maintain a good credit score and do not want it affected by this. I also explained that I found it very interesting that the Suppposedly did an investigation into thie Fraudulent activity and determined that there was NO Fraud. I have never been contacted and have never taken any of those Jet Blue flights intially purchaed. Also they were to the XXXX and I have not been there over the last severla years. I find it very suspect that there was even an investigation",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a company's investigation into an existing problem",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "92886",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BARCLAYS BANK DELAWARE",
  "date_received": "2024-07-26T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Their investigation did not fix an error on your report",
  "text": "There was a FRAUDULENT Jet Blue credid card opened in my name. There were multiple charges for trips some of which were cancelled right aware and there were obvious fraud charges on there. I immediately called JET BLUE Credit Card and reported the fraud and closed out the account. I had only received emails stating that I was approved and had booked several trips through the credit card. I am usure what happened with those trips but I Obviously did not take any jet blue trips. I had recieved no further information until I received a letter today XXXX, stating that BARCLAYS did an investigation and determined that my transaction was NOT FRAUD and re instated the balance to a closed account. I then called the number on the bottom of the letter to dispute this but the ketp asking for my social security number. I refused to give this to them given the active fraudulent account which was reportedly CLOSED under my name. THey then transferred me to a US Based Customer service person who also stated that he needed my social security information. I again refused because of the above and the REFUSED to pull up my account information with just my name, Address, and last 4 digits of the account information which is on the Letter they had sent to me. I explained that I will not be paying for this balance which is amoutned to about {$3000.00}. I also expressed that I do not want my credit score affected by this non payment But their Own Fraud investigator told me that is not up to him I have worked veyr hard to maintain a good credit score and do not want it affected by this. I also explained that I found it very interesting that the Suppposedly did an investigation into thie Fraudulent activity and determined that there was NO Fraud. I have never been contacted and have never taken any of those Jet Blue flights intially purchaed. Also they were to the XXXX and I have not been there over the last severla years. I find it very suspect that there was even an investigation"
}

Chunk:
there was a fraudulent jet blue credid card opened in my name. there were multiple charges for trips some of which were cancelled right aware and there were obvious fraud charges on there. i immediately called jet blue credit card and reported the fraud and closed out the account. i had only received emails stating that i was approved and had booked several trips through the credit card. i am usure what happened with those trips but i obviously did not take any jet blue trips. i had recieved no further information until i received a letter today xxxx, stating that barclays did an investigation and determined that my transaction was not fraud and re instated the balance to a closed account. i then called the number on the bottom of the letter to dispute this but the ketp asking for my social security number. i refused to give this to them given the active fraudulent account which was reportedly closed under my name. they then transferred me to a us based customer service person who also stated that he needed my social security information. i again refused because of the above and the refused to pull up my account information with just my name, address, and last 4 digits of the account information which is on the letter they had sent to me. i explained that i will not be paying for this balance which is amoutned to about { $ 3000. 00 }. i also expressed that i do not want my credit score affected by this non payment but their own fraud investigator told me that is not up to him i have worked veyr hard to maintain a good credit score and do not want it affected by this. i also explained that i found it very interesting that the suppposedly did an investigation into thie fraudulent activity and determined that there was no fraud. i have never been contacted and have never taken any of those jet blue flights intially purchaed. also they were to the xxxx and i have not been there over the last severla years. i find it very suspect that there was even an investigation

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9923173189163208
}
