Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9267191,
  "complaint_id": "9267191",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I blocked my chase sapphire credit card on XXXX and had requested a new one. had even locked the card through the chase app. But to my surprise i could still see Transactions happening on my old account on XXXX. \nAfter talking with the customer care, i was informed that chase has a \" feature '' wherein wherever my card is stored digitally, ( like XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  ) the card details would automatically update and online transactions will keep on happening even after blocking and locking my previous credit card. \nI'm not looking to dispute the charges since they're quite small but i really dont understand the rational that even after reporting the account as lost, digital transactions would keep on happening. if that is the case, they should've informed me while sending a replacement credit card email. \nthis is what is mentioned in the replacement verbiage \" you can still make purchases in stores, merchant apps and online if youve added this card to your digital wallet in the Chase Mobile app '', which means i can still use it as part of the digital wallet. i dont even have this card loaded onto apple-pay or any digital wallet for that matter.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "07306",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-14T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NJ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "I blocked my chase sapphire credit card on XXXX and had requested a new one. had even locked the card through the chase app. But to my surprise i could still see Transactions happening on my old account on XXXX. \nAfter talking with the customer care, i was informed that chase has a \" feature '' wherein wherever my card is stored digitally, ( like XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  ) the card details would automatically update and online transactions will keep on happening even after blocking and locking my previous credit card. \nI'm not looking to dispute the charges since they're quite small but i really dont understand the rational that even after reporting the account as lost, digital transactions would keep on happening. if that is the case, they should've informed me while sending a replacement credit card email. \nthis is what is mentioned in the replacement verbiage \" you can still make purchases in stores, merchant apps and online if youve added this card to your digital wallet in the Chase Mobile app '', which means i can still use it as part of the digital wallet. i dont even have this card loaded onto apple-pay or any digital wallet for that matter."
}

Chunk:
i blocked my chase sapphire credit card on xxxx and had requested a new one. had even locked the card through the chase app. but to my surprise i could still see transactions happening on my old account on xxxx. after talking with the customer care, i was informed that chase has a " feature'' wherein wherever my card is stored digitally, ( like xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx ) the card details would automatically update and online transactions will keep on happening even after blocking and locking my previous credit card. i'm not looking to dispute the charges since they're quite small but i really dont understand the rational that even after reporting the account as lost, digital transactions would keep on happening. if that is the case, they should've informed me while sending a replacement credit card email. this is what is mentioned in the replacement verbiage " you can still make purchases in stores, merchant apps and online if youve added this card to your digital wallet in the chase mobile app'', which means i can still use it as part of the digital wallet. i dont even have this card loaded onto apple - pay or any digital wallet for that matter.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9976546764373779
}
