Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9246273,
  "complaint_id": "9246273",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Bank of America , N.A . ( \" Defendant '' ), account number ending in XXXX Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement billing dispute, dispute resolution process, FRAUD TRANSACTION ( S ) ON ACCOUNT, I do not recognize this transaction and have never authorized it. Pursuant to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, I am politely requesting to dispute this charge and the issuance of a full credit to my account. I have attached additional details below on this matter. \n\nXXXX. Request Please credit the full amount back to my account and open a case against the merchant. I have always appreciated your timely and professional customer support and that is the main reason why I am a loyal patron of Bank Of America to this day.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "33313",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Bank of America , N.A . ( \" Defendant '' ), account number ending in XXXX Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement billing dispute, dispute resolution process, FRAUD TRANSACTION ( S ) ON ACCOUNT, I do not recognize this transaction and have never authorized it. Pursuant to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, I am politely requesting to dispute this charge and the issuance of a full credit to my account. I have attached additional details below on this matter. \n\nXXXX. Request Please credit the full amount back to my account and open a case against the merchant. I have always appreciated your timely and professional customer support and that is the main reason why I am a loyal patron of Bank Of America to this day."
}

Chunk:
bank of america, n. a. ( " defendant'' ), account number ending in xxxx credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement billing dispute, dispute resolution process, fraud transaction ( s ) on account, i do not recognize this transaction and have never authorized it. pursuant to xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx, i am politely requesting to dispute this charge and the issuance of a full credit to my account. i have attached additional details below on this matter. xxxx. request please credit the full amount back to my account and open a case against the merchant. i have always appreciated your timely and professional customer support and that is the main reason why i am a loyal patron of bank of america to this day.

Result:
{
  "label": "POSITIVE",
  "score": 0.9899188280105591
}
