Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9461831,
  "complaint_id": "9461831",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I submitted a complaint to Consumer Finance.gov about misapplying my payment where I was charged interest even though I paid the minimum ( which the statement states woudl apply to the lower apr ) + the remaining purchases balance. \n\nThey have provided me with the reason I have been paying interest. \n\nThey have one line written in their XXXX  when you agree to the balance transfer which makes it so that you agree that while you have a balance transfer still on your card, if you make any purchases on the card you pay interest immediately on those purchases. This is incongruent with what my card is typically. \n\nThey then repeatedly refer me back to the section in my credit card statement, but I noticed something. They don't have that term written in the Credit Card Statement. They also don't have it in the Renewal Notice in 2023 when I carried a balance. They also did not email me the terms and conditions, that I can find. They don't have it available online. They don't display these terms anywhere it is only on one line of an online agreement. This is a disingenuous business practice and I would wager a guess they have been using this to scrape garbage interest off of unsuspecting people for a long time. You should investigate : 1. ) Why the Terms and Conditions aren't available to me? \n2. ) Why this special condition isn't included on statements? \n3. ) How much they have ripped off consumers by misleading them to think it is their fault for missing one line that they have deliberately hidden after?",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-09T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "060XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION",
  "date_received": "2024-07-09T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CT",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with balance transfer",
  "text": "I submitted a complaint to Consumer Finance.gov about misapplying my payment where I was charged interest even though I paid the minimum ( which the statement states woudl apply to the lower apr ) + the remaining purchases balance. \n\nThey have provided me with the reason I have been paying interest. \n\nThey have one line written in their XXXX  when you agree to the balance transfer which makes it so that you agree that while you have a balance transfer still on your card, if you make any purchases on the card you pay interest immediately on those purchases. This is incongruent with what my card is typically. \n\nThey then repeatedly refer me back to the section in my credit card statement, but I noticed something. They don't have that term written in the Credit Card Statement. They also don't have it in the Renewal Notice in 2023 when I carried a balance. They also did not email me the terms and conditions, that I can find. They don't have it available online. They don't display these terms anywhere it is only on one line of an online agreement. This is a disingenuous business practice and I would wager a guess they have been using this to scrape garbage interest off of unsuspecting people for a long time. You should investigate : 1. ) Why the Terms and Conditions aren't available to me? \n2. ) Why this special condition isn't included on statements? \n3. ) How much they have ripped off consumers by misleading them to think it is their fault for missing one line that they have deliberately hidden after?"
}

Chunk:
i submitted a complaint to consumer finance. gov about misapplying my payment where i was charged interest even though i paid the minimum ( which the statement states woudl apply to the lower apr ) + the remaining purchases balance. they have provided me with the reason i have been paying interest. they have one line written in their xxxx when you agree to the balance transfer which makes it so that you agree that while you have a balance transfer still on your card, if you make any purchases on the card you pay interest immediately on those purchases. this is incongruent with what my card is typically. they then repeatedly refer me back to the section in my credit card statement, but i noticed something. they don't have that term written in the credit card statement. they also don't have it in the renewal notice in 2023 when i carried a balance. they also did not email me the terms and conditions, that i can find. they don't have it available online. they don't display these terms anywhere it is only on one line of an online agreement. this is a disingenuous business practice and i would wager a guess they have been using this to scrape garbage interest off of unsuspecting people for a long time. you should investigate : 1. ) why the terms and conditions aren't available to me? 2. ) why this special condition isn't included on statements? 3. ) how much they have ripped off consumers by misleading them to think it is their fault for missing one line that they have deliberately hidden after?

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991450309753418
}
