Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9120957,
  "complaint_id": "9120957",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My husband and I have a Costco Citibank card that can be used anywhere. In XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  we purchased a food order for {$20.00} and change. The next day we noticed a charge on our card for {$2000.00} with a weird name as vendor. We put a fraud dispute on the card and said that charge was not authorized. Citibank spoke with us and let us know it was actually the food place that made the charge so we said that we did purchase but not for that amount. We had to change the fraud dispute to now regular dispute. Citibank gave us back the money but then when realized they needed to change the dispute they took back the money. Now we are in XXXX and after speaking with over 5 different reps it seems like the dispute was never put in correctly on their end. They said they needed the receipt for the charge. We had to go back to food vendor and ask for receipt. We submitted this back to Citibank and we were then told its been over 6 Months and wed need to sort out with merchant. We were never told this! And this was completely their error. This has been entirely frustrating and we were now charged back the fees. We made this complaint immediately and spoke with many different reps and everyone said something different. We are now working with vendor and waiting for this reimbursement. We are disgusted with Citibank and have never seen this happen with any bank. Something we moved so quickly with and to get no help at all. We will also file a complaint with better business bureau. Also please keep in mind the merchant was never contacted by Citibank!",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "10465",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-28T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "My husband and I have a Costco Citibank card that can be used anywhere. In XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  we purchased a food order for {$20.00} and change. The next day we noticed a charge on our card for {$2000.00} with a weird name as vendor. We put a fraud dispute on the card and said that charge was not authorized. Citibank spoke with us and let us know it was actually the food place that made the charge so we said that we did purchase but not for that amount. We had to change the fraud dispute to now regular dispute. Citibank gave us back the money but then when realized they needed to change the dispute they took back the money. Now we are in XXXX and after speaking with over 5 different reps it seems like the dispute was never put in correctly on their end. They said they needed the receipt for the charge. We had to go back to food vendor and ask for receipt. We submitted this back to Citibank and we were then told its been over 6 Months and wed need to sort out with merchant. We were never told this! And this was completely their error. This has been entirely frustrating and we were now charged back the fees. We made this complaint immediately and spoke with many different reps and everyone said something different. We are now working with vendor and waiting for this reimbursement. We are disgusted with Citibank and have never seen this happen with any bank. Something we moved so quickly with and to get no help at all. We will also file a complaint with better business bureau. Also please keep in mind the merchant was never contacted by Citibank!"
}

Chunk:
my husband and i have a costco citibank card that can be used anywhere. in xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx we purchased a food order for { $ 20. 00 } and change. the next day we noticed a charge on our card for { $ 2000. 00 } with a weird name as vendor. we put a fraud dispute on the card and said that charge was not authorized. citibank spoke with us and let us know it was actually the food place that made the charge so we said that we did purchase but not for that amount. we had to change the fraud dispute to now regular dispute. citibank gave us back the money but then when realized they needed to change the dispute they took back the money. now we are in xxxx and after speaking with over 5 different reps it seems like the dispute was never put in correctly on their end. they said they needed the receipt for the charge. we had to go back to food vendor and ask for receipt. we submitted this back to citibank and we were then told its been over 6 months and wed need to sort out with merchant. we were never told this! and this was completely their error. this has been entirely frustrating and we were now charged back the fees. we made this complaint immediately and spoke with many different reps and everyone said something different. we are now working with vendor and waiting for this reimbursement. we are disgusted with citibank and have never seen this happen with any bank. something we moved so quickly with and to get no help at all. we will also file a complaint with better business bureau. also please keep in mind the merchant was never contacted by citibank!

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999347984790802
}
