Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9214645,
  "complaint_id": "9214645",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have two debts that I negotiated with Synchrony Bank to settle a Lowes and Home Design HI-PJL credit card. I thought I had made automatic payment withdrawal with both. I was hospitalized during the time the payment for the Home Design account became due, but thought I had setup automatic withdrawal so I did not contact Synchrony Bank. After my release, I notice the money had not been taken from my account. I contacted Synchrony and they told me there not an automatic withdrawal, but go ahead and make the payment that day and that is what I did. When the final payment was due in XXXX, I logged in to make the payment and could not find the link. After calling around, I was told the account was charged off five days after I was told to make the second payment and sent to collection. I was then told to call the collection company to dispute the bill so they could initiate an investigation. I did but then I received written correspondence that they could not find evidence of the XXXX payment. I responded by explaining that Synchrony had removed the link so I could make the payment and closed my complaint. I then sent another dispute letter with the final payment and expressed this was the final payment for the settlement they had prevented me from paying on time in XXXX and acceptance of the payment is their agreement to accept the final payment. Synchrony accepted the payment but then sent me another letter claiming they did not see my payment on time. Synchrony bank has received all three payments for the settlement.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-09T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "20744",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-09T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MD",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "I have two debts that I negotiated with Synchrony Bank to settle a Lowes and Home Design HI-PJL credit card. I thought I had made automatic payment withdrawal with both. I was hospitalized during the time the payment for the Home Design account became due, but thought I had setup automatic withdrawal so I did not contact Synchrony Bank. After my release, I notice the money had not been taken from my account. I contacted Synchrony and they told me there not an automatic withdrawal, but go ahead and make the payment that day and that is what I did. When the final payment was due in XXXX, I logged in to make the payment and could not find the link. After calling around, I was told the account was charged off five days after I was told to make the second payment and sent to collection. I was then told to call the collection company to dispute the bill so they could initiate an investigation. I did but then I received written correspondence that they could not find evidence of the XXXX payment. I responded by explaining that Synchrony had removed the link so I could make the payment and closed my complaint. I then sent another dispute letter with the final payment and expressed this was the final payment for the settlement they had prevented me from paying on time in XXXX and acceptance of the payment is their agreement to accept the final payment. Synchrony accepted the payment but then sent me another letter claiming they did not see my payment on time. Synchrony bank has received all three payments for the settlement."
}

Chunk:
i have two debts that i negotiated with synchrony bank to settle a lowes and home design hi - pjl credit card. i thought i had made automatic payment withdrawal with both. i was hospitalized during the time the payment for the home design account became due, but thought i had setup automatic withdrawal so i did not contact synchrony bank. after my release, i notice the money had not been taken from my account. i contacted synchrony and they told me there not an automatic withdrawal, but go ahead and make the payment that day and that is what i did. when the final payment was due in xxxx, i logged in to make the payment and could not find the link. after calling around, i was told the account was charged off five days after i was told to make the second payment and sent to collection. i was then told to call the collection company to dispute the bill so they could initiate an investigation. i did but then i received written correspondence that they could not find evidence of the xxxx payment. i responded by explaining that synchrony had removed the link so i could make the payment and closed my complaint. i then sent another dispute letter with the final payment and expressed this was the final payment for the settlement they had prevented me from paying on time in xxxx and acceptance of the payment is their agreement to accept the final payment. synchrony accepted the payment but then sent me another letter claiming they did not see my payment on time. synchrony bank has received all three payments for the settlement.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991681575775146
}
