Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9022593,
  "complaint_id": "9022593",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "Fraud activity ( unauthorized credit card opened under my name ) occurred XX/XX/XXXX. I have provided the following information to target : Filed an Identify Fraud Report ; Filed a police report ; Sent them a picture of my driver 's license ( person opened using my personal information but an inaccurate driver 's license number ) ; attached texts that show that I was not at the store when card was opened. Target is denying my dispute that a fraud has occurred saying that I need to provide supporting documentation and not being specific what additional documentation is needed. I am not sure what more I can do. Appeal process is taking too long. Target credit card is not contacting me the consumer to resolve this. I have been calling them 2-3 times a week for over 3 months now. They first sent my original fraud claim to wrong department ( dispute ), then they denied the second claim asking for more documentation though not specific what they need. Latest review is also denied. No one on phone can tell me why and don't know why target can not piece the parts together. While this is going on, my credit card rating has slipped XXXX points as my fraud account is delinquent. I would like to know my rights as a consumer as their level of service is poor. I would like to know how I can rectify this and if my excellent credit rating can be restored. I was XXXX and now I am XXXX as I have not paid this bill and it is over 30 days late. Please help! On a side note, I already have a target credit card since XXXX, so I've been a loyal customer for over 20 years. I plan to close my target card after this is resolved because I do not want to be associated with the target fraud department again",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "017XX",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "TD BANK US HOLDING COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "MA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "Fraud activity ( unauthorized credit card opened under my name ) occurred XX/XX/XXXX. I have provided the following information to target : Filed an Identify Fraud Report ; Filed a police report ; Sent them a picture of my driver 's license ( person opened using my personal information but an inaccurate driver 's license number ) ; attached texts that show that I was not at the store when card was opened. Target is denying my dispute that a fraud has occurred saying that I need to provide supporting documentation and not being specific what additional documentation is needed. I am not sure what more I can do. Appeal process is taking too long. Target credit card is not contacting me the consumer to resolve this. I have been calling them 2-3 times a week for over 3 months now. They first sent my original fraud claim to wrong department ( dispute ), then they denied the second claim asking for more documentation though not specific what they need. Latest review is also denied. No one on phone can tell me why and don't know why target can not piece the parts together. While this is going on, my credit card rating has slipped XXXX points as my fraud account is delinquent. I would like to know my rights as a consumer as their level of service is poor. I would like to know how I can rectify this and if my excellent credit rating can be restored. I was XXXX and now I am XXXX as I have not paid this bill and it is over 30 days late. Please help! On a side note, I already have a target credit card since XXXX, so I've been a loyal customer for over 20 years. I plan to close my target card after this is resolved because I do not want to be associated with the target fraud department again"
}

Chunk:
fraud activity ( unauthorized credit card opened under my name ) occurred xx / xx / xxxx. i have provided the following information to target : filed an identify fraud report ; filed a police report ; sent them a picture of my driver's license ( person opened using my personal information but an inaccurate driver's license number ) ; attached texts that show that i was not at the store when card was opened. target is denying my dispute that a fraud has occurred saying that i need to provide supporting documentation and not being specific what additional documentation is needed. i am not sure what more i can do. appeal process is taking too long. target credit card is not contacting me the consumer to resolve this. i have been calling them 2 - 3 times a week for over 3 months now. they first sent my original fraud claim to wrong department ( dispute ), then they denied the second claim asking for more documentation though not specific what they need. latest review is also denied. no one on phone can tell me why and don't know why target can not piece the parts together. while this is going on, my credit card rating has slipped xxxx points as my fraud account is delinquent. i would like to know my rights as a consumer as their level of service is poor. i would like to know how i can rectify this and if my excellent credit rating can be restored. i was xxxx and now i am xxxx as i have not paid this bill and it is over 30 days late. please help! on a side note, i already have a target credit card since xxxx, so i've been a loyal customer for over 20 years. i plan to close my target card after this is resolved because i do not want to be associated with the target fraud department again

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996980428695679
}
