Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9237158,
  "complaint_id": "9237158",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "On XXXX XXXX  2024, I set a travel alert on my account as I would be traveling in XXXX until XXXX XXXX 2024. I attempted to use the only card Ive ever been sent and the card was declined. I called Citi to understand what the problem was as I had set the notification of travel. I was told that I was using an old card and that Citi must have sent me a new card via mail at some point. I checked my emails and was never send info on a new card nor did I request one. I was told another card would be sent. I then went into the app and was able to load my new card onto my XXXX XXXX. I then attempted to use the card via XXXX XXXX and was declined again. I called the fraud call center and was verified and was able to make a purchase for XXXX euros. I then attempted to use the card via XXXX XXXX for XXXX euros and was declined. Called the fraud center again, this time was told I needed to be at work for me to be verified, I have no idea what this means nor is it appropriate to ask someone to do personal business at work. Regardless, I work XXXX and this would not be an option. I hung up and called back hoping to have someone with more experience, Im then told that the only option is to have a letter sent to my home because they can not verify me. Mind you, I have given my social, secret password, Im calling from the number on the account and was able to verify the previous two times I called with my external checking account number. Which again, this is all unnecessary because I set a travel alert from the beginning. \n\nLastly, for the record, this is now the second complaint I file with this company about this credit card account for the same reason.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Trouble using your card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "92108",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-06-12T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "CA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't use card to make purchases",
  "text": "On XXXX XXXX  2024, I set a travel alert on my account as I would be traveling in XXXX until XXXX XXXX 2024. I attempted to use the only card Ive ever been sent and the card was declined. I called Citi to understand what the problem was as I had set the notification of travel. I was told that I was using an old card and that Citi must have sent me a new card via mail at some point. I checked my emails and was never send info on a new card nor did I request one. I was told another card would be sent. I then went into the app and was able to load my new card onto my XXXX XXXX. I then attempted to use the card via XXXX XXXX and was declined again. I called the fraud call center and was verified and was able to make a purchase for XXXX euros. I then attempted to use the card via XXXX XXXX for XXXX euros and was declined. Called the fraud center again, this time was told I needed to be at work for me to be verified, I have no idea what this means nor is it appropriate to ask someone to do personal business at work. Regardless, I work XXXX and this would not be an option. I hung up and called back hoping to have someone with more experience, Im then told that the only option is to have a letter sent to my home because they can not verify me. Mind you, I have given my social, secret password, Im calling from the number on the account and was able to verify the previous two times I called with my external checking account number. Which again, this is all unnecessary because I set a travel alert from the beginning. \n\nLastly, for the record, this is now the second complaint I file with this company about this credit card account for the same reason."
}

Chunk:
on xxxx xxxx 2024, i set a travel alert on my account as i would be traveling in xxxx until xxxx xxxx 2024. i attempted to use the only card ive ever been sent and the card was declined. i called citi to understand what the problem was as i had set the notification of travel. i was told that i was using an old card and that citi must have sent me a new card via mail at some point. i checked my emails and was never send info on a new card nor did i request one. i was told another card would be sent. i then went into the app and was able to load my new card onto my xxxx xxxx. i then attempted to use the card via xxxx xxxx and was declined again. i called the fraud call center and was verified and was able to make a purchase for xxxx euros. i then attempted to use the card via xxxx xxxx for xxxx euros and was declined. called the fraud center again, this time was told i needed to be at work for me to be verified, i have no idea what this means nor is it appropriate to ask someone to do personal business at work. regardless, i work xxxx and this would not be an option. i hung up and called back hoping to have someone with more experience, im then told that the only option is to have a letter sent to my home because they can not verify me. mind you, i have given my social, secret password, im calling from the number on the account and was able to verify the previous two times i called with my external checking account number. which again, this is all unnecessary because i set a travel alert from the beginning. lastly, for the record, this is now the second complaint i file with this company about this credit card account for the same reason.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996707439422607
}
