Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9019774,
  "complaint_id": "9019774",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I have been dealing with a PayPal credit charge. I returned an item and never got my refund from the seller. I have submitted a complaint through here already and they gave me very vague information and have not responded back to me since then. \n\nAccording to their terms of their purchase protection program, I was to : Have an account in good standing, which I did at the time of the dispute. \n\nPay using PayPal, which I had done Attempt to resolve the issue with the seller, which I did Respond to PayPals requests for documentation, which I did Open a dispute, which was done multiple times Not have received a recovery or agree to an alternative, which I did not The phone number they passed on to me takes me directly to their debt collector who can't help me with my situation. \n\nWhen I call PayPals customer service, I can never get a hold of anyone who can give me a straight answer or pass me to someone higher up to help. \n\nThe last thing I was told, other than my dispute being in the \" incorrect category '', was that I wasn't eligible for a refund because I was communicating with the seller. I was told this over the phone by two associates who were helping me at the time. They had refunded my money and then taken it away multiple times and claim it's for the reason of having the communication they require me to have with the seller in their terms and conditions.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "61350",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-05-15T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Other problem",
  "text": "I have been dealing with a PayPal credit charge. I returned an item and never got my refund from the seller. I have submitted a complaint through here already and they gave me very vague information and have not responded back to me since then. \n\nAccording to their terms of their purchase protection program, I was to : Have an account in good standing, which I did at the time of the dispute. \n\nPay using PayPal, which I had done Attempt to resolve the issue with the seller, which I did Respond to PayPals requests for documentation, which I did Open a dispute, which was done multiple times Not have received a recovery or agree to an alternative, which I did not The phone number they passed on to me takes me directly to their debt collector who can't help me with my situation. \n\nWhen I call PayPals customer service, I can never get a hold of anyone who can give me a straight answer or pass me to someone higher up to help. \n\nThe last thing I was told, other than my dispute being in the \" incorrect category '', was that I wasn't eligible for a refund because I was communicating with the seller. I was told this over the phone by two associates who were helping me at the time. They had refunded my money and then taken it away multiple times and claim it's for the reason of having the communication they require me to have with the seller in their terms and conditions."
}

Chunk:
i have been dealing with a paypal credit charge. i returned an item and never got my refund from the seller. i have submitted a complaint through here already and they gave me very vague information and have not responded back to me since then. according to their terms of their purchase protection program, i was to : have an account in good standing, which i did at the time of the dispute. pay using paypal, which i had done attempt to resolve the issue with the seller, which i did respond to paypals requests for documentation, which i did open a dispute, which was done multiple times not have received a recovery or agree to an alternative, which i did not the phone number they passed on to me takes me directly to their debt collector who can't help me with my situation. when i call paypals customer service, i can never get a hold of anyone who can give me a straight answer or pass me to someone higher up to help. the last thing i was told, other than my dispute being in the " incorrect category'', was that i wasn't eligible for a refund because i was communicating with the seller. i was told this over the phone by two associates who were helping me at the time. they had refunded my money and then taken it away multiple times and claim it's for the reason of having the communication they require me to have with the seller in their terms and conditions.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991299510002136
}
