Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9054048,
  "complaint_id": "9054048",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I am writing to bring to your attention a matter of concern regarding the adverse action taken against me, which I believe violates my rights under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act ( ECOA ). On XX/XX/year>, I received a notice from American Express stating that adverse action had been taken against my application for a Credit Card. The notice principal reason ( s ) stated that the decision was based on \" FICO Score ''. However, I believe that this action was unjustified and discriminatory, and it has had a significant negative impact on my financial standing.\n\nStatement of specific reason 12 CFR 1002.2 ( b ) ( 2 ) must be specific and indicate the principal reason ( s ) for the adverse action. Statements that the adverse action was based on the creditor 's internal standards or policies or that the applicant failed to achieve a qualifying score on the creditor 's credit scoring system are insufficient. Furthermore, Rules for Taking ApplicationsSection 202.5 of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Regulation B prohibits creditors from requesting and collecting specific personal information about an applicant that has no bearing on the applicant 's ability or willingness to repay the credit requested and could be used to discriminate against the applicant. As an applicant, I have the right to be treated fairly and without discrimination during the application process. \n\nI tried resolving this matter with American Express and was unable to resolve this matter.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "10303",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NY",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Application denied",
  "text": "I am writing to bring to your attention a matter of concern regarding the adverse action taken against me, which I believe violates my rights under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act ( ECOA ). On XX/XX/year>, I received a notice from American Express stating that adverse action had been taken against my application for a Credit Card. The notice principal reason ( s ) stated that the decision was based on \" FICO Score ''. However, I believe that this action was unjustified and discriminatory, and it has had a significant negative impact on my financial standing.\n\nStatement of specific reason 12 CFR 1002.2 ( b ) ( 2 ) must be specific and indicate the principal reason ( s ) for the adverse action. Statements that the adverse action was based on the creditor 's internal standards or policies or that the applicant failed to achieve a qualifying score on the creditor 's credit scoring system are insufficient. Furthermore, Rules for Taking ApplicationsSection 202.5 of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Regulation B prohibits creditors from requesting and collecting specific personal information about an applicant that has no bearing on the applicant 's ability or willingness to repay the credit requested and could be used to discriminate against the applicant. As an applicant, I have the right to be treated fairly and without discrimination during the application process. \n\nI tried resolving this matter with American Express and was unable to resolve this matter."
}

Chunk:
i am writing to bring to your attention a matter of concern regarding the adverse action taken against me, which i believe violates my rights under the equal credit opportunity act ( ecoa ). on xx / xx / year >, i received a notice from american express stating that adverse action had been taken against my application for a credit card. the notice principal reason ( s ) stated that the decision was based on " fico score''. however, i believe that this action was unjustified and discriminatory, and it has had a significant negative impact on my financial standing. statement of specific reason 12 cfr 1002. 2 ( b ) ( 2 ) must be specific and indicate the principal reason ( s ) for the adverse action. statements that the adverse action was based on the creditor's internal standards or policies or that the applicant failed to achieve a qualifying score on the creditor's credit scoring system are insufficient. furthermore, rules for taking applicationssection 202. 5 of the equal credit opportunity act, regulation b prohibits creditors from requesting and collecting specific personal information about an applicant that has no bearing on the applicant's ability or willingness to repay the credit requested and could be used to discriminate against the applicant. as an applicant, i have the right to be treated fairly and without discrimination during the application process. i tried resolving this matter with american express and was unable to resolve this matter.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992585778236389
}
