Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9306740,
  "complaint_id": "9306740",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "My friend and I recently went shopping at TJ Maxx XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. While checking out the cashier asked if I would like to join their, and I quote, \" membership program ''. Thinking I could earn some points, I gave my information as prompted on the card reader. It was not until my friend came over and informed me I was really signing up for a credit card and if that was what I meant to do. I explained I did not know it was a credit card I was signing up for, I thought it was a store loyalty program, and I wanted to cancel. I asked the cashier to please cancel the application twice and twice she said it was too late and that it technically WAS a membership program. It was very deceptive of the cashier to not mention once that it was a credit card she was asking me to sign up for. I am not experienced in signing up for credit so I was not aware when I was putting in my personal information. I would like others to be aware that employees of TJ Maxx are not forthcoming about credit card offers and will disguise the request as signing up for a \" membership/loyalty program ''. Shame on them and now I have to keep open this card so it does not harm my credit.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Getting a credit card",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "89011",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL",
  "date_received": "2024-06-20T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NV",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Card opened without my consent or knowledge",
  "text": "My friend and I recently went shopping at TJ Maxx XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. While checking out the cashier asked if I would like to join their, and I quote, \" membership program ''. Thinking I could earn some points, I gave my information as prompted on the card reader. It was not until my friend came over and informed me I was really signing up for a credit card and if that was what I meant to do. I explained I did not know it was a credit card I was signing up for, I thought it was a store loyalty program, and I wanted to cancel. I asked the cashier to please cancel the application twice and twice she said it was too late and that it technically WAS a membership program. It was very deceptive of the cashier to not mention once that it was a credit card she was asking me to sign up for. I am not experienced in signing up for credit so I was not aware when I was putting in my personal information. I would like others to be aware that employees of TJ Maxx are not forthcoming about credit card offers and will disguise the request as signing up for a \" membership/loyalty program ''. Shame on them and now I have to keep open this card so it does not harm my credit."
}

Chunk:
my friend and i recently went shopping at tj maxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx. while checking out the cashier asked if i would like to join their, and i quote, " membership program''. thinking i could earn some points, i gave my information as prompted on the card reader. it was not until my friend came over and informed me i was really signing up for a credit card and if that was what i meant to do. i explained i did not know it was a credit card i was signing up for, i thought it was a store loyalty program, and i wanted to cancel. i asked the cashier to please cancel the application twice and twice she said it was too late and that it technically was a membership program. it was very deceptive of the cashier to not mention once that it was a credit card she was asking me to sign up for. i am not experienced in signing up for credit so i was not aware when i was putting in my personal information. i would like others to be aware that employees of tj maxx are not forthcoming about credit card offers and will disguise the request as signing up for a " membership / loyalty program''. shame on them and now i have to keep open this card so it does not harm my credit.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9866146445274353
}
