Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9028905,
  "complaint_id": "9028905",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I had fraudulent activity on my c.c. cards and my identity stolen back in 2021. I have worked with the 2 c.c companies to resolve the situation. 2 of the banks have turned me over to collections. I have resolved one of the accounts- XXXX 's paying the portion of the charges that were mine. They still put interest and late fees on the card which I have rightly refused to pay. The payments were made to the collection company, and a balance of {$2500.00} and change still shows on my credit report. This is totally inaccurate as the agreement with the collection people was less than that. So totally wrong info. U can see up until I had my identity theft my credit was impeccable. There are two issues - this XXXX and XXXX other one with XXXX I am trying to resolve and getting nowhere. All of my money was stolen out of my bank account along with the fraud charges on these c.c. cards and I am getting no help with anyone. I am a sovereign being and my rights have been stripped from me along with being overcharged by banks with their interest rates and false charges they just apply. I am asking someone to look into this, see that I have had great credit until evil entered my world, took my $ $ and charged things on my c.c ; s that I did not. Thank you",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Incorrect information on your report",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "32034",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with non-monetary relief",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "TRANSUNION INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, INC.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Account information incorrect",
  "text": "I had fraudulent activity on my c.c. cards and my identity stolen back in 2021. I have worked with the 2 c.c companies to resolve the situation. 2 of the banks have turned me over to collections. I have resolved one of the accounts- XXXX 's paying the portion of the charges that were mine. They still put interest and late fees on the card which I have rightly refused to pay. The payments were made to the collection company, and a balance of {$2500.00} and change still shows on my credit report. This is totally inaccurate as the agreement with the collection people was less than that. So totally wrong info. U can see up until I had my identity theft my credit was impeccable. There are two issues - this XXXX and XXXX other one with XXXX I am trying to resolve and getting nowhere. All of my money was stolen out of my bank account along with the fraud charges on these c.c. cards and I am getting no help with anyone. I am a sovereign being and my rights have been stripped from me along with being overcharged by banks with their interest rates and false charges they just apply. I am asking someone to look into this, see that I have had great credit until evil entered my world, took my $ $ and charged things on my c.c ; s that I did not. Thank you"
}

Chunk:
i had fraudulent activity on my c. c. cards and my identity stolen back in 2021. i have worked with the 2 c. c companies to resolve the situation. 2 of the banks have turned me over to collections. i have resolved one of the accounts - xxxx's paying the portion of the charges that were mine. they still put interest and late fees on the card which i have rightly refused to pay. the payments were made to the collection company, and a balance of { $ 2500. 00 } and change still shows on my credit report. this is totally inaccurate as the agreement with the collection people was less than that. so totally wrong info. u can see up until i had my identity theft my credit was impeccable. there are two issues - this xxxx and xxxx other one with xxxx i am trying to resolve and getting nowhere. all of my money was stolen out of my bank account along with the fraud charges on these c. c. cards and i am getting no help with anyone. i am a sovereign being and my rights have been stripped from me along with being overcharged by banks with their interest rates and false charges they just apply. i am asking someone to look into this, see that i have had great credit until evil entered my world, took my $ $ and charged things on my c. c ; s that i did not. thank you

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9991644620895386
}
