Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9295261,
  "complaint_id": "9295261",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "The following is a summary of the detailed account presented on subsequent pages : On XX/XX/XXXXXXXX XXXX, 2023, I paid {$8000.00} ( using XXXX XXXX Credit Cards : my husband 's and mine ) for the first of a two-phase procedure, the XXXX, the second to be followed on XXXX XXXX, 2024.\n\nFrom XXXX XXXX, 2024, I began to experience problems with the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. All the incidents were reported promptly, and photos were sent to XXXX, the XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) customer service representative. XXXX refused to assume responsibility for the substandard quality of their work, falsely claiming that patients had been made aware of such possible occurrences. This claim is untrue. I would not have agreed to start the procedure at that risk. \n\nXXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX months after the XXXX, under the pressure of my complaints, I was invited to undergo the second phase, which was initially meant to take place after XXXX months, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. \n\nIn my frustration with XXXX XXXX customer service and work ethics, on XXXX XXXX, 2024, I filed a dispute claim with the XXXX at Wells Fargo Bank. I based my claim on the substandard service and product quality and provided evidence through pictures, email and text correspondence, and an accurate timeline of events. \n\nThe XXXX team misrepresented me, claiming that my dispute of the charges was for not receiving any service ( XXXX XXXX ) from the merchant. Of course, that was not true, and XXXX  closed the case when XXXX  provided evidence of a consent form for the treatment I initialed on the day of the XXXX. That form bore no evidence of the quality of the product and service I received. My claim was denied for the wrong reasons, and XXXX initially decided to close the dispute claim on XXXX XXXX, 2024, based on XXXX XXXX evidence. \n\nI was informed by XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, on XXXX XXXX, 2024, that my follow-up appointment scheduled for XXXX XXXX, 2024, was canceled. Additionally, XXXX  has refused to complete the treatment as specified in the signed agreement despite receiving payment. XXXX  has also been unresponsive to my calls, texts, and emails. The reason given for this lack of engagement is my dispute of the charges. \n\nDespite XXXX being updated with the latest developments after the claim was closed, following my appeal and updated information, it once again based its decision to close the case on the evidence submitted by XXXX  as proof of carrying out the XXXX. This decision has left me without the product I paid for. Additionally, XXXX insisted that I should take the matter further with the merchant despite being informed that XXXX  is not responding to my calls or written correspondence. \n\nXXXX misrepresented me, leading to significant financial loss and causing me a great deal of stress and XXXX in trying to fix the damage caused to my XXXX. Among other problems mentioned above, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. Additional XXXX is required to prepare for the XXXX XXXX, which will incur significant extra costs. \n\nIf a product is not delivered in full, a refund is rightfully due. The payment of {$8000.00} made on XXXX XXXX, 2023, covers more than just phase one, which is only a portion of that amount, even according to the updated pricing listed on the XXXX  website.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-06-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Problem with a purchase shown on your statement",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "89117",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "WELLS FARGO & COMPANY",
  "date_received": "2024-06-19T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "NV",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Credit card company isn't resolving a dispute about a purchase on your statement",
  "text": "The following is a summary of the detailed account presented on subsequent pages : On XX/XX/XXXXXXXX XXXX, 2023, I paid {$8000.00} ( using XXXX XXXX Credit Cards : my husband 's and mine ) for the first of a two-phase procedure, the XXXX, the second to be followed on XXXX XXXX, 2024.\n\nFrom XXXX XXXX, 2024, I began to experience problems with the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. All the incidents were reported promptly, and photos were sent to XXXX, the XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) customer service representative. XXXX refused to assume responsibility for the substandard quality of their work, falsely claiming that patients had been made aware of such possible occurrences. This claim is untrue. I would not have agreed to start the procedure at that risk. \n\nXXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX months after the XXXX, under the pressure of my complaints, I was invited to undergo the second phase, which was initially meant to take place after XXXX months, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. \n\nIn my frustration with XXXX XXXX customer service and work ethics, on XXXX XXXX, 2024, I filed a dispute claim with the XXXX at Wells Fargo Bank. I based my claim on the substandard service and product quality and provided evidence through pictures, email and text correspondence, and an accurate timeline of events. \n\nThe XXXX team misrepresented me, claiming that my dispute of the charges was for not receiving any service ( XXXX XXXX ) from the merchant. Of course, that was not true, and XXXX  closed the case when XXXX  provided evidence of a consent form for the treatment I initialed on the day of the XXXX. That form bore no evidence of the quality of the product and service I received. My claim was denied for the wrong reasons, and XXXX initially decided to close the dispute claim on XXXX XXXX, 2024, based on XXXX XXXX evidence. \n\nI was informed by XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, on XXXX XXXX, 2024, that my follow-up appointment scheduled for XXXX XXXX, 2024, was canceled. Additionally, XXXX  has refused to complete the treatment as specified in the signed agreement despite receiving payment. XXXX  has also been unresponsive to my calls, texts, and emails. The reason given for this lack of engagement is my dispute of the charges. \n\nDespite XXXX being updated with the latest developments after the claim was closed, following my appeal and updated information, it once again based its decision to close the case on the evidence submitted by XXXX  as proof of carrying out the XXXX. This decision has left me without the product I paid for. Additionally, XXXX insisted that I should take the matter further with the merchant despite being informed that XXXX  is not responding to my calls or written correspondence. \n\nXXXX misrepresented me, leading to significant financial loss and causing me a great deal of stress and XXXX in trying to fix the damage caused to my XXXX. Among other problems mentioned above, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. Additional XXXX is required to prepare for the XXXX XXXX, which will incur significant extra costs. \n\nIf a product is not delivered in full, a refund is rightfully due. The payment of {$8000.00} made on XXXX XXXX, 2023, covers more than just phase one, which is only a portion of that amount, even according to the updated pricing listed on the XXXX  website."
}

Chunk:
has refused to complete the treatment as specified in the signed agreement despite receiving payment. xxxx has also been unresponsive to my calls, texts, and emails. the reason given for this lack of engagement is my dispute of the charges. despite xxxx being updated with the latest developments after the claim was closed, following my appeal and updated information, it once again based its decision to close the case on the evidence submitted by xxxx as proof of carrying out the xxxx. this decision has left me without the product i paid for. additionally, xxxx insisted that i should take the matter further with the merchant despite being informed that xxxx is not responding to my calls or written correspondence. xxxx misrepresented me, leading to significant financial loss and causing me a great deal of stress and xxxx in trying to fix the damage caused to my xxxx. among other problems mentioned above, xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx. additional xxxx is required to prepare for the xxxx xxxx, which will incur significant extra costs. if a product is not delivered in full, a refund is rightfully due. the payment of { $ 8000. 00 } made on xxxx xxxx, 2023, covers more than just phase one, which is only a portion of that amount, even according to the updated pricing listed on the xxxx website.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.999518632888794
}
