Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9134996,
  "complaint_id": "9134996",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I received XXXX phone calls from Citibank on XX/XX/year> regarding a XXXX XXXX that my fiance has. The first call came in at XXXX and the agent asked for him to which I responded asking how did they get my number? The agent lied stating that it is on his file and they were reaching out to him about an account with them and wanted to get information about me too. I asked the same question again and included that my information was never included when he applied for the card nor did he add me as an authorized user. The call was disconnected. I received a second call at XXXX the same day but ignored it since I recognized it. The third phone call came in at XXXX to which I did pick up and asked the agent why are they calling me for the XXXX time on the same day after I spoke with someone at XXXX. The agent told me that nothing was showing in her system that they did reach out earlier, so I asked her the same question of how they got my number. She refused to answer that question so I went further reminding her that I am a third party person and I'm supposed to be contacted only once, not 3 times the same day and that they are in violation of the FDCPA since I have proof on my phone of getting contacted 3 times in one day. The phone number that they called me from each time was the same one too.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Other features, terms, or problems",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "60008",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-30T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "IL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Problem with customer service",
  "text": "I received XXXX phone calls from Citibank on XX/XX/year> regarding a XXXX XXXX that my fiance has. The first call came in at XXXX and the agent asked for him to which I responded asking how did they get my number? The agent lied stating that it is on his file and they were reaching out to him about an account with them and wanted to get information about me too. I asked the same question again and included that my information was never included when he applied for the card nor did he add me as an authorized user. The call was disconnected. I received a second call at XXXX the same day but ignored it since I recognized it. The third phone call came in at XXXX to which I did pick up and asked the agent why are they calling me for the XXXX time on the same day after I spoke with someone at XXXX. The agent told me that nothing was showing in her system that they did reach out earlier, so I asked her the same question of how they got my number. She refused to answer that question so I went further reminding her that I am a third party person and I'm supposed to be contacted only once, not 3 times the same day and that they are in violation of the FDCPA since I have proof on my phone of getting contacted 3 times in one day. The phone number that they called me from each time was the same one too."
}

Chunk:
i received xxxx phone calls from citibank on xx / xx / year > regarding a xxxx xxxx that my fiance has. the first call came in at xxxx and the agent asked for him to which i responded asking how did they get my number? the agent lied stating that it is on his file and they were reaching out to him about an account with them and wanted to get information about me too. i asked the same question again and included that my information was never included when he applied for the card nor did he add me as an authorized user. the call was disconnected. i received a second call at xxxx the same day but ignored it since i recognized it. the third phone call came in at xxxx to which i did pick up and asked the agent why are they calling me for the xxxx time on the same day after i spoke with someone at xxxx. the agent told me that nothing was showing in her system that they did reach out earlier, so i asked her the same question of how they got my number. she refused to answer that question so i went further reminding her that i am a third party person and i'm supposed to be contacted only once, not 3 times the same day and that they are in violation of the fdcpa since i have proof on my phone of getting contacted 3 times in one day. the phone number that they called me from each time was the same one too.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992558360099792
}
