Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9524240,
  "complaint_id": "9524240",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I closed my Macy 's credit card account in XXXX. I haven't received any mail or email from Macy 's after closing the account. On XX/XX/XXXX I received \" my new Macy 's credit card '' in the mail. I did not request this. I called the phone number on the card and waited 40 minutes for an agent. I explained that I was reporting what appeared to be fraud since it was a closed account and I did not request a new card. The agent said they could not help unless I gave them the last four of my SSN. I already read the account number and my name from the card ; they provided no other way to review the account. My request was that it be reported as fraudulent and closed. They would not comply, but told me to verify the number on the back of the card ( XXXX ) was Macy 's via XXXX. A quick XXXX XXXX  for \" Macy 's credit card customer service '' brought back numbers that didn't match. The call ended because I was not giving out personal information for a account I cancelled over 7 years ago. I believe it was likely Macy 's because they only wanted the last 4 digits of SSN, which is why I am reporting that Macy 's suddenly opened a closed account and provided a new card unexpectedly and without permission. I've been at the same address since the account was opened, which is why I received it.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-07-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Closing your account",
  "sub_product": "Store credit card",
  "zip_code": "20170",
  "tags": null,
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-07-17T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "VA",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Can't close your account",
  "text": "I closed my Macy 's credit card account in XXXX. I haven't received any mail or email from Macy 's after closing the account. On XX/XX/XXXX I received \" my new Macy 's credit card '' in the mail. I did not request this. I called the phone number on the card and waited 40 minutes for an agent. I explained that I was reporting what appeared to be fraud since it was a closed account and I did not request a new card. The agent said they could not help unless I gave them the last four of my SSN. I already read the account number and my name from the card ; they provided no other way to review the account. My request was that it be reported as fraudulent and closed. They would not comply, but told me to verify the number on the back of the card ( XXXX ) was Macy 's via XXXX. A quick XXXX XXXX  for \" Macy 's credit card customer service '' brought back numbers that didn't match. The call ended because I was not giving out personal information for a account I cancelled over 7 years ago. I believe it was likely Macy 's because they only wanted the last 4 digits of SSN, which is why I am reporting that Macy 's suddenly opened a closed account and provided a new card unexpectedly and without permission. I've been at the same address since the account was opened, which is why I received it."
}

Chunk:
i closed my macy's credit card account in xxxx. i haven't received any mail or email from macy's after closing the account. on xx / xx / xxxx i received " my new macy's credit card'' in the mail. i did not request this. i called the phone number on the card and waited 40 minutes for an agent. i explained that i was reporting what appeared to be fraud since it was a closed account and i did not request a new card. the agent said they could not help unless i gave them the last four of my ssn. i already read the account number and my name from the card ; they provided no other way to review the account. my request was that it be reported as fraudulent and closed. they would not comply, but told me to verify the number on the back of the card ( xxxx ) was macy's via xxxx. a quick xxxx xxxx for " macy's credit card customer service'' brought back numbers that didn't match. the call ended because i was not giving out personal information for a account i cancelled over 7 years ago. i believe it was likely macy's because they only wanted the last 4 digits of ssn, which is why i am reporting that macy's suddenly opened a closed account and provided a new card unexpectedly and without permission. i've been at the same address since the account was opened, which is why i received it.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9992276430130005
}
