Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9090593,
  "complaint_id": "9090593",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "The Southwest Airlines Rapid Rewards Card administered by Chase is practicing very deceptive policies resulting in unexpected interest charges.\n\nIf you use your credit card to make any purchases after taking advantage of a balance transfer promotion into this account, ( generally a fairly typical 3-5 % fee up front to gain 12 - 15 months of 0 % interest, ) you then will pay very high interest based on the daily avg balance starting from the moment you make the purchase. There is no longer a 30 day billing cycle grace period. \n\nThis is not stated prominently in the balance transfer offer. It's hidden very far down in the small print and I was totally unaware it would happen. \n\nMore disturbing is that since the interest fees are based on the remaining purchase balance from the billing period prior to the current bill, it's impossible to tell what amount must be paid in any giving credit cycle to avoid interest. In XXXX consecutive months I called Chase to complain and request an exact amount I would need to pay to not have interest charges and each time I was told \" you just have to pay all your current purchase charges '' Which is not accurate at all. None of the reps were able to tell me exactly what that dollar amount would be.\n\nAlthough I paid thousands more than I purchased in the prior month I was still charged interest, \" on the purchase amount that wasn't paid in full from the prior billing period '' The senior customer service rep I spoke with today admitted there is no way to tell what your unpaid purchase balance is on the bill, and therefore no indication of what payment you'd need to send to avoid all interest.\n\nI have balance transfers with several other cards, all of which are active for purchases. None of them charge interest during the first 30 days grace period and all of them also clearly indicate an \" interest saving payment '' amount for the current bill. Not Chase however.\n\nVery deceitful and unreasonable. Chase refused to do anything about it.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Fees or interest",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "342XX",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-24T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "FL",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": null,
  "sub_issue": "Charged too much interest",
  "text": "The Southwest Airlines Rapid Rewards Card administered by Chase is practicing very deceptive policies resulting in unexpected interest charges.\n\nIf you use your credit card to make any purchases after taking advantage of a balance transfer promotion into this account, ( generally a fairly typical 3-5 % fee up front to gain 12 - 15 months of 0 % interest, ) you then will pay very high interest based on the daily avg balance starting from the moment you make the purchase. There is no longer a 30 day billing cycle grace period. \n\nThis is not stated prominently in the balance transfer offer. It's hidden very far down in the small print and I was totally unaware it would happen. \n\nMore disturbing is that since the interest fees are based on the remaining purchase balance from the billing period prior to the current bill, it's impossible to tell what amount must be paid in any giving credit cycle to avoid interest. In XXXX consecutive months I called Chase to complain and request an exact amount I would need to pay to not have interest charges and each time I was told \" you just have to pay all your current purchase charges '' Which is not accurate at all. None of the reps were able to tell me exactly what that dollar amount would be.\n\nAlthough I paid thousands more than I purchased in the prior month I was still charged interest, \" on the purchase amount that wasn't paid in full from the prior billing period '' The senior customer service rep I spoke with today admitted there is no way to tell what your unpaid purchase balance is on the bill, and therefore no indication of what payment you'd need to send to avoid all interest.\n\nI have balance transfers with several other cards, all of which are active for purchases. None of them charge interest during the first 30 days grace period and all of them also clearly indicate an \" interest saving payment '' amount for the current bill. Not Chase however.\n\nVery deceitful and unreasonable. Chase refused to do anything about it."
}

Chunk:
the southwest airlines rapid rewards card administered by chase is practicing very deceptive policies resulting in unexpected interest charges. if you use your credit card to make any purchases after taking advantage of a balance transfer promotion into this account, ( generally a fairly typical 3 - 5 % fee up front to gain 12 - 15 months of 0 % interest, ) you then will pay very high interest based on the daily avg balance starting from the moment you make the purchase. there is no longer a 30 day billing cycle grace period. this is not stated prominently in the balance transfer offer. it's hidden very far down in the small print and i was totally unaware it would happen. more disturbing is that since the interest fees are based on the remaining purchase balance from the billing period prior to the current bill, it's impossible to tell what amount must be paid in any giving credit cycle to avoid interest. in xxxx consecutive months i called chase to complain and request an exact amount i would need to pay to not have interest charges and each time i was told " you just have to pay all your current purchase charges'' which is not accurate at all. none of the reps were able to tell me exactly what that dollar amount would be. although i paid thousands more than i purchased in the prior month i was still charged interest, " on the purchase amount that wasn't paid in full from the prior billing period'' the senior customer service rep i spoke with today admitted there is no way to tell what your unpaid purchase balance is on the bill, and therefore no indication of what payment you'd need to send to avoid all interest. i have balance transfers with several other cards, all of which are active for purchases. none of them charge interest during the first 30 days grace period and all of them also clearly indicate an " interest saving payment'' amount for the current bill. not chase however. very deceitful and unreasonable. chase refused to do anything about it.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.9996458292007446
}
