Original Data:
{
  "_id": 9064743,
  "complaint_id": "9064743",
  "product": "Credit card",
  "complaint_what_happened": "I applied for the Citi XXXX XXXX XXXX offered to me in process of airfare booking process because there was an offer for a {$400.00} statement rebate if I purchased the air travel with the card. I applied and was instantly approved however I was not able to use the newly approved card to pay for the travel in the booking process because did not yet have this card account number and PIN. So I used another Citi card to complete the purchase. After receiving the new card a week later I contacted their Citi XXXX  XXXX customer service to ask about receiving the credit? I was advised that the special offer was only available if I had made the purchase with the card, which I could not do at the time I was booking the airfare as I explained. To me this was deceptive advertising. When I contacted Citi MasterCard customer service, they apologized but would do noting to correct the problem other than offering me to make additional purchases to earn the reward. I have canceled the account with Citi XXXX MasterCard.",
  "date_sent_to_company": "2024-05-23T12:00:00-05:00",
  "issue": "Advertising and marketing, including promotional offers",
  "sub_product": "General-purpose credit card or charge card",
  "zip_code": "85614",
  "tags": "Older American",
  "timely": "Yes",
  "consumer_consent_provided": "Consent provided",
  "company_response": "Closed with explanation",
  "submitted_via": "Web",
  "company": "CITIBANK, N.A.",
  "date_received": "2024-05-21T12:00:00-05:00",
  "state": "AZ",
  "consumer_disputed": "N/A",
  "company_public_response": "Company has responded to the consumer and the CFPB and chooses not to provide a public response",
  "sub_issue": "Confusing or misleading advertising about the credit card",
  "text": "I applied for the Citi XXXX XXXX XXXX offered to me in process of airfare booking process because there was an offer for a {$400.00} statement rebate if I purchased the air travel with the card. I applied and was instantly approved however I was not able to use the newly approved card to pay for the travel in the booking process because did not yet have this card account number and PIN. So I used another Citi card to complete the purchase. After receiving the new card a week later I contacted their Citi XXXX  XXXX customer service to ask about receiving the credit? I was advised that the special offer was only available if I had made the purchase with the card, which I could not do at the time I was booking the airfare as I explained. To me this was deceptive advertising. When I contacted Citi MasterCard customer service, they apologized but would do noting to correct the problem other than offering me to make additional purchases to earn the reward. I have canceled the account with Citi XXXX MasterCard."
}

Chunk:
i applied for the citi xxxx xxxx xxxx offered to me in process of airfare booking process because there was an offer for a { $ 400. 00 } statement rebate if i purchased the air travel with the card. i applied and was instantly approved however i was not able to use the newly approved card to pay for the travel in the booking process because did not yet have this card account number and pin. so i used another citi card to complete the purchase. after receiving the new card a week later i contacted their citi xxxx xxxx customer service to ask about receiving the credit? i was advised that the special offer was only available if i had made the purchase with the card, which i could not do at the time i was booking the airfare as i explained. to me this was deceptive advertising. when i contacted citi mastercard customer service, they apologized but would do noting to correct the problem other than offering me to make additional purchases to earn the reward. i have canceled the account with citi xxxx mastercard.

Result:
{
  "label": "NEGATIVE",
  "score": 0.998906135559082
}
